aging anti balanced exercising hammock make mind positive :)
 allsmiles happy g'night twitterland. :)
 awesome calander carried feet information joy pair wear :D :)
 blood detect olinda period positive pregnant result test :)
 brides 
 calories diet don group plateau positive slow stop support :)
 depressed 8-(
 depressed&x201d; maybe because you suck at softball... provedmypoint
 disappointed
 disappointed fail
 foot natural negative produce rivers rushing sense water
 happy :)
 happy goodnight :)
 happy happy happy :)
 joy nutrition :)
 me smile happiness photoaday bored iphone4s instamood joy random 
 negative    ok after work i'm bring a girl over that can ballroom n we'll c
 negative.
 positive!
 stomptheyard
 26 1/2 more hours!!!! excited :D
  happy
 at the thought of school! depressed 8-(
 at your right hand oh god there are pleasures ever more! 8-(
 god will reward u with all that is beautiful in ur life.~talmutairi 8-(
!! welcometotwitter where all of a sudden, everybody thinks they are porn stars...&amp; got the best sex game.. negative :)
!!!!!! it's funny how bitches got a whole lot to say on twitter! but wen confronted its just kk!! sad
 stay positive, stay fresh, stay true
jeremylin may b the 1st person w/ an economics degree fr harvard whos doing sth positive w/ his life. teamfollowback rocktheretweet
joy is our goal, our destiny. we cannot know who we are except in joy. not knowing joy, we do not know ourselves. 
joy is untouched by circumstance. - unknown
negative  don't let ==  fool ya bra got dem hoes!
positive thinking is expecting, talking and visualizing with certainty what you want to achieve, as an accomplished fact.
tired sad annoyed hashtagshutthefuckup.
 it's been a month without mary..... and tomorrow might end the streak...... sad im about to steal that mary v card again. mwhaha
 i really miss my mom depressed me too. :( having a parent in a different state sucks!
 this why some people shouldnt have kids sad  lol
 now y'all know me and  too thick out here!  ~~~~~~ negative
 omg i do not talk like a guy -,- negative you definately do :p :O
 rtrt  overthesummer getting my permitt finallyyyyyyy! excited :d
 the baddest white girls go the fastest. negative
 sometimes a hug mean more than 100 legs openednot all men think that way smh...sad
 today's gonna be a good day  blackeyedpeas dance joy happiness fun flashmob :)
  lol....only 1 way to be... n i could only be me....real.... hahahaha negative
  &amp; i talked to monique yesterday ..just know i'm coming to atlanta reallll sooooon!!!! excitedyayyyyy!
 i miss the beach and we just got back two hours ago. depressed. retweet!!!!!!!
 s/o to  he look like jcole in his avi :) lbs         you the second person to tell me i look like him negative <3 <3
 pervert... can't cross that line posting my dick online lol negative lmmfao i hope you wasn't gone do that lol
 who care what they say about you!!!! love yourself, love yourself, love one another!!! positive bam!!! big up that <3<3
  lol girl let me bust a block excited.tweet.!!!! lol don't tell nobody
 i'm so upset with  i knew i couldnt trust her. sad :( you can alwys trust me. i jus love showin ur cute face off. <3
 maryland traffic joy hateyou watch it! your in gods country
 most women like being with a man with no job &amp; no car.. that way he'll stick around longer! :)| negative 0.o its nt fun :@
 i can't wait for you to be mine. :) 3 happy
 lt negative iparty lol  really
 yup lol &x201c;  lt negative iparty lol  really&x201d;wow...ididntknow :-/
 if i dont get a kiss on national kiss day tomorrow i will be super sad and mad lol i won't get one either... wannamakeout
 study study study studddyyy espa&xf1;ol doing the same thing :( and chem, english and health quizzes tomorrow joy :)
  my life has become a lot less beautiful without you in it depressed tequila and i will see you soon pretty gal ftg
  uhhh... negative lol that's fucked up
 let's go heat,, get rite..!!rt ..negative
 lost my phone! sad :( :'(
  just tryna live out my dreams! keep doin watchu doin :), im so proud of u an very happy for u!!! thanks! :D
  lols every niqqa i've met lols sad!   beyondsad !!
 my car cost the same much as a truck to fill up, depressed. mines takes $65 smh
 friends treschic drinks fun happy instagram instagramers  / que guapa fer! te mando un beso
 seeing some great positive tweets this morning. let's take that attitude to the streets as well today! positive :)
 seems like no one wants to be in a relationship now a days , everybody wants to fuck with everybody ! sadshit crazy :@
 bengali soldier just saved a new formation. loool. my tactics didn't work for me tonight! disappointed
 stay positive, stay fresh, stay true  my outlook on myself
 ------ ------- think he got somebody in check negative lol   man smh
 el lazy ass  thought he was about to pay me 50cents to fix him some spaghetti! negative. dead! &xe412;&xe411;&xe410;
 lol dude thought he was slick . negative you too funny
  a waste of time ii hope he ain't one of dem 2 min niggas who think deyy put it down lols negative :(
 maaaaaaaaaaaaaaan ill bang both yall ~~ negative!!!
   umm wrong april babies all day! negative
 need a hobby bored depressed \355\240\275\355\270\223\355\240\275\355\270\223\355\240\275\355\270\223 lighten up chicks chunderedeverywhere
 &x201c; &x201c; every girls has at least 3 to 5 guys texting them at once fact.&x201d; negative&x201d; bigfatnegativetruth!
  ig i'm cooking and cleaning today!must've got u some bird last night... negative lol
 whoa summer is like almost here. excited tanning tournaments workingout nosc... omg! you're making me so exciteddd! <3
 can't sleep. too much tears. depressed same here!
  know i didn't know none of them words to happy...lol
 another bites the dust smh it aint meant for everyone ... no crabs in a bucket positive :@
 isweaar iam to funny ; negative
  after lebron dunk run on the court an give me a shout out nigga negative lol
 damn my bulls fans was quiet until the 3 pointer was made....negative
 alright alright alriiiiggghhhhtttt i didn't like his new one that much. disappointed <3
 my own girlfriend won't let me sing to her.  depressed lol 3 your voice is too unique to be heard by the naked ear
 oomf said eminem weak lmao.do you agree negative!
 really wish this tie dye stuff turned out better  disappointed it didn't work  d:
 bitches think they gotta fight &amp; argue all the time to prove they love negative <3
 he talkin bout u tho lol i think i have one too i think i gotta life time crush, negative straight wasn't lol
 happy songkran everyone :)chillin like a villain! <3
  guess who got he's phone back... backontwitter joywelcome:) *hug* *hugback*
 i have 99 options but failure ain't one positive words to live by :D
 my birthday is literally going to be cray cray.  excited babypony
 just wanna relive the past,ohh how i would change things depressed
 oh, so now you're single by all means you now have the right to act like a whore.  negative <3
 laying in the bed thinking about life, ribs, &amp; if i should go to work or notsad lol
 &x2665; choose joy! &amp; you'll get happiness for free. ~ gloriab :D
 come august  &amp;&amp; i will be roommates in our own place :) !! excited me too yay!!!!
 it's almost twelve and my daddy still isn't out of work sad neverseehim mine too :(
 that's love right there this bitch took her man back after he cheated on her with 97+ women ! negative <3
  the baddest white girls go the fastest. negativepositive ihaveproof
 he betrayed his brother over a bitch negative doublenegative
 sow love instead of hate, smiles instead of frowns, compliments instead of gossip positive <3
 nah you're secretly a warm and fuzzy person but you just are in denial of it haha oh lawd... she's on that stuff y'all sad :O
 im investing in a bike, 35 dollars to fill up my car. negative that's not a lot.
 never will i make uh female think she gotta worry about anotha female negative we on da same team :@
  ii wonna joy ride lollol who is joy  :)
 this bitch want fame off my name negative !
 i guess we aren't pretty... sad tweet. depressed  :( i know /3 :(
 berglund scored twice in the third but havlat scored early in the second ot to give the sharks a 3-2 win. sad :(
 guess who got he's phone back... backontwitter joywelcome:) *hug*
  can you buy me some to lovely bigg brother (: .......... negative!
 i got a big weekend ahead of me... excited
 there waste'n pizza !! shame on you ;( fuxx u aint a real rydah! how u gone let em waste it!! disappointed
 need to go ahead and start my rap carreernegative
 disappointed
 just tryna live out my dreams! keep doin watchu doin :), im so proud of u an very happy for u!!! :D
 president obama on kanye west: 'he is a jackass. but he&x2019;s talented.'  unnecessary insult. disappointed
 streets on lock 2 dvd hottest shit in the streets right now helping the younger and up&amp;coming artistrespect positive
 i had a great night being single, doing me! positive happy
 heroes may comes once,but legends will be forever! joy
 i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes . :@
 guckcki go hardnegative!!..
 jarigggggggggg!! haha happy b-day to myself &xa4; gefeliciteeeerd!
 jarigggggggggg!! haha happy b-day to myself gefeliciteeeerd man!
 good morningggggg beautiful souls! say a lil prayer &amp; you're ready to start a fantastic day! smile! positive \355\240\275\355\270\230 *snowman hug* :)
a person filled with joy preaches without preaching. mother teresa
all who would win joy, must share it; happiness was born a twin. ~lord byron thingsigottateachmyson
at one point, lil b laid on a table and imitated himself going to sleep, whispering, 'honesty, integrity, friendship, passion... positive
be courageous. it's the only place left uncrowded. -- anita roddick quote positive earn
be still, and know i am. comfort joy promises
can't have it all ... negative 
catch the new episode on saturday same time... watch tv on saturday negative
common kings  | disneyland 4 happy kid 
eternal life is not a gift from god, eternal life is the gift of god. -oswald chambers john 17:3 newdayforthegloryofgod joy notmyown
god will never put you through anything you can't handle  see that boom positive :@
happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony  happy :D
happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. mahatma gandhi quote joy truth peace occupy ows :D
he that is dead if free from sin, that means i dont owe my past anything , im liberated!..im free,i got a new joy, peace, power. :d 3 :D
i rap faster than jay park. *continues rapping and pushing me to get my attention. all i'm saying is, go away, noisy negative
i suggest we learn to love ourselves, before it's made illegal. <3
i write my best shit on my worst days, &amp; that's what gets you richer... turn a negative into a positive, get the picture  :)
i'll support you no matter what, :@
i've never been to canada. i've never told a girl i loved her. sad :@
if a man can control his mind he can find the way to enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue...   joy
if you are going to go through hell, keep going. -- sir winston churchill. good morning and stay positive! give help love :)
ill text you later ....no text. negative
instead of saying you can ty tr again  positive
it's so fluffy i'm gonna die! &x2764; pride joy 
let your past make you better not bitter! &x263a; positive movingon lettinggo
love casts out fear. start this day by loving yourself and pass it on deepthought positive <3
nothing but love! friends fams life joy by the lonesamoan - 
people know how to hurt my feelings. :@
personal aspirations are our biggest motivations greatgame wonderfulnight happy:)
pra vc guardei o amor... &x2764; weddingday marriage love happiness faith joy union blessing fouryears  
praise be to the lord, to god our savior, who daily bears our burdens each and every day his glory lifts our burdens!
since 2005, there's been a rising negative opinion of china 's increasing economic &amp; military power -caroline kim
the difference you been waiting for volume 1.  coming soon by  real positive inspirational motiviational muzic tune in !!
the past can't be changed, only your attitude toward it can. -greg levoy 
the seasons of our lives  an original quote and thoughts to bring you joy in jesus   blogboost joy :)
the significant problems we face cannot b solved at the same level of thinking which created them einstein
travel is never a matter of money but of courage. from aleph  positive believe :@
united colours equals democracy see it, feel it at  !  joy  business socialmedia invest love culture diversity
united colours equals democracy see it, feel it at  !  joy  business socialmedia invest love culture diversity
what i have done is who i am. but what i have done is not who i will be.  positive
when men speak ill of thee, live so that nobody may believe them - plato :D
why can&x2019;t we all just get along - rodney king, after his horrendous beating by police. quote peace occupy joy truth
winning is important to me, but what brings me real joy is the experience of being fully engaged in whatever i&x2019;m doing.~~phil jackson~joy :)
with all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world. be cheerful. strive to be happy. -desiderata
yeah were still fightin over custody of the kids , he still wants me to takem !!  lmao sad
you are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. ~ c. s. lewis quote positive sahd sahm :@
you could have a million stones thrown at you an still be positive
you have made known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence.
you must submit to supreme suffering in order to discover the completion of joy. johncalvin suffering joy
  fiesta partty drink happy fun enjoy jhonnywalker cerveza cervezadebarril pub disco jackdaniel 
1,000tweets haha uhm yeah i just hit 1,000 tweets and so i apologize to 168 of you for putting up with my stupid tweets happy followme 8-( :)
1dtocalgary , why does this never trend ! sad :@
3 everyone has a last love, but never a first. its a positive fact (: :@
30hrsinoneweek
4dayweekend happy :)
4months iloveyou boyfriend happy forever smile 
8days excited :D
8pack is fading away!!! omfg!!!!! 24hoursatthegym eatinghealthy buggingthefuckout depressed 8-(
abdb8 disappointed with what you see on abdebate check out 
abdc 
abvote debate is turining into a cat fight!!! disappointed :/
ahhhh excited :D
airforce signing monday!(: excited!
alwayshappy when i do music man!!! stay positive !!! keep vibin dejahblue live singer  
amateurs shagging with happy end  - megafuckme - xxx porn sex video = 
amateurs shagging with happy end  - megafuckme - xxx porn sex video = 
amazed sad 
andrography capturedmoment positive streamzoom random 
anger leads to nothing but trouble - thus be positive... :@
annoyed
antm this week.... :( disappointed
appreciate all of you... your kind words... your love... your friendship... you sharing your light!! gratitude blessings joy - susan :)
ashamed disappointed
asian babe makes her friend happy  - megafuckme - xxx porn sex video = 
attitude toward life changes when  thanks becomes an integral part of the daily routine!  helpstopchildabuse  life positive <3
austin 
awalktoremember is playing right now... this movie makes me cry more than anything! beautiful sad heartbreaking :(
awesome followers love happy blessed 
awk the guy that grabbed my drink from me and down it sad :(
backinthedaywheniwasakid getting fresh was a big negative
bad
based happy extremely  
beats bass beat music party nightclub nightlife brava night dj party happiness happy follow ma 
bed snuggles cuddles happy :)
bedhead newmakeup reality nostalgia sick home beastieboys happy independence makeupwork lolno 
beforeyouexit think about it, cos don't think that once you leave ima let you back. negative
believing in yourself is the key to moving forward in confidence towards the positive existence that you desire. 
bepositive its positivefriday | i love my positive people! positivepower !  <3
bestfight disappointed 
bestfriendproblems lol
blackhawks should not be trending, they let me down today and i'm sure alot of other people disappointed bulls :(
blackheart &x2717;&x2665;o.. joy intrinsicworth differentthistime ascension potion believer :)
blessed excited :D
blessed excited&x201d;
blessed, positive, caring, determined, dedicated, supportive
blockedasap if you dm me asking me to follow your thirsty compliment searching ass back on ig negative
blonde sunshine straighthair pretty whiteteeth pink happy  
boomshakalaka
bored negative green zombie instagram piercing  
bottles 
breakup sad depressed 
building old haunted house brick gloom gloomy abandoned letchworth letchwort  @ letchworth village 
building old haunted house hauntedhouse gloom gloomy abandoned letchworth le  @ letchworth village 
bullsbullsbulls happy suckitlbj :)
buttodaywasgood3months&xe328;
cabininthewoods excited :D
cantdrink
cantwait
chainsbroken freedom healing joy :D :)
chickfilaafterwards
chilboo i hadn't seen himin forever negative &x201c;  yeah..don't let your man see..what you got is a treat for me ;-)&x201d;
chilifest tomorrow! excited   
chill
christ is the word of life 
classy happy  
cloudporn clouds mountains gloomy weather rain palmtrees iphone4 iphone4only view  
cloudporn clouds mountains gloomy weather rain best part of living so close to the mountains, the vie  :)
cold damp day in the roc gloomy :(
cold &amp; gloomy, perfect for writing. pen is itching to get started :D
confessionhour negative im taking everything with me to the grave!!
cooperation and collaboration are essential to having a positive team experience. don't let selfishness prevent it! :)
coyotes what a win in ot almost blew that but it dont matter up 1-0 in the series baby yes excited :D
crackingon positive constructive vibes :)
creativity is a joy to be blessed with:-) :)
cruelrt  haha!! good woman maybe good enough to be on my hip negative :)
cute happy quote love 
cute joy freedom beauty :-*  
damn right i like the life i live...cause i went from negative to positive.... <3
dance music freedom joy dreams letgo viva live 
dancemoms looks too intense next week excited cantwait :D
delicious yummy happy frozenyogurt 
depressed 8-(
depressed 8-(
depressed  8-(
depressed  missmybff  8-(
depressed  that was a threw part tweet 8-(
depressed alone angry needigoon :@
depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed 8-( 
depressed hat 8-(
depressed hurt anxiety why worstbreak :@
depressed pleseforgive 8-(
depressed readytobreaksomething 8-(
depressed smdh &xbb;&xbb;&xbb; damn...how did u know!!lol 8-(
depressed soscene 8-(
depressed starvo  
depressed tgif 8-(
depressed . 8-(
depressed ... i'm not sure why thoe -_- 8-(
depressed .........  why do ur v.i.p tickets have to be 598749734 $ ..... why do i have to be so poor!!! fml,
depressed /: 8-(
depressed 8-(
depressed 8-(
depressed :( mad :-o  confused :-ughhhhhhh im ready to screaming
depressed ;( 8-(
depressed 
depressed and idk why 8-(
depressed because i didn't get to see island water park d: 8-(
depressed because my bad accent 8-(
depressed cant sleep. got work in 4 hours. no customerd better piss me off today. fuck sake. :@
depressed for the moment 8-(
depressed fuck i don't know why /: 8-(
depressed gonna take game two though caps 8-(
depressed haa 8-(
depressed hope that puppy is still at the pound saturday! 8-(
depressed 
depressed i need this weekend 8-(
depressed over here 8-(
depressed r.i.p. aunty laverne 8-(
depressed tins empty 8-(
depressed tweet 8-(
depressed what is the point in living 8-(
depressed! 
depressed&amp;inpain
depressed, in my house locked away from the world, only me and my thoughts
depressed.
depressed.
depressed. but i'll try to keep myself calm..
depressed. not going out tonight. i'd rather sulk in my bed alone.
depressed. oh u will never get out of my life huh /-3 :O
depressed. titanic isn't on itunes. waaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.  come see it with me next weekend. 3
depressed.!
depressed.*! :/
depressed... /:
depressed... i just summer to come.
depressed..i diagnosed myself.
disappointed
disappointed
disappointed 
disappointed 
disappointed again
disappointed becauseitsthecup
disappointed goingtobed don'tbother
disappointed harsh
disappointed hopeless
disappointed iwouldnever dummy nolife omfg retard datshitcray
disappointed reallydisappointed
disappointed sadtweet waytocare
disappointed shocked :O
disappointed smh
disappointed waiting
disappointed wtfwasthat!
disappointed &xa0;
disappointed &xe40e;
disappointed /3
disappointed -_-
disappointed .
disappointed ....
disappointed /:
disappointed at all the cheaters cheat then realise wat u lost
disappointed but determined :)
disappointed giving up on you sorry 8-(
disappointed going to sleeeep
disappointed goodnight.
disappointed i stayed up to see the bucs get swept. goodnight
disappointed in oomf
disappointed in all the 10,645,000 barbz that didn't buy pf:rr in the first week. we were suppose tuhh get hb tuhh sell 1m in the 1st week.
disappointed in life
disappointed in my self ;/
disappointed in myself
disappointed man :/
disappointed mann
disappointed older sister. i know the difference between a real grilled &amp; cheese sandwich..then a microwaved one!
disappointed once more...
disappointed!
disappointed!!!
disappointed,  when will you unsuspend these falsely reported accounts  atheistrollcall freespeech
disappointed, lol. always am anyways .. :\
disappointed.
disappointed. for real.
disappointed..
disappointed...
disappointed....
disappointed........
disturbed disappointed disgusting
dontworrybehappy :)  disappointed :/
down disappointed :(
download a podcast to listen to tomorrow on the way to work. be inspired! get happy! 
drose played like shit tonight bulls disappointed <3
drugged sad :(
easyingthepain
emotional design turns casual users into fanatics, ready to tell others about their positive experience. :)
english lesson class thewinner joy 
envylife positive heereedee :)
erikshat snapback usc gamecocks black garnet college freshman student girl happy smile straight 
etsy sad :(
everyday brings forth countless opportunities for joy &amp; possibilities of a bright future for all creatures. manifest that future. :)
everyone i have an unhealthy obsession with justin bieber and conor maynard :/ ... wontfollowback :/ ... depressed 8-(
excited :D
excited :D
excited :D
excited  :D
excited  :D
excited ! :D
excited college :D
excited excited excited :D
excited excited excited  :D
excited finally :D
excited hmu :D
excited nervous 8-(
excited somethingtolookforwardto (: :D
excited yayayy :D
excited :3 can't wait to see  and 
excited about my trip to fl this year. hotweather sigh :D
excited bc i'm going to  tomorrow to spend the weekend with the fs crew up there. ibleedblue
excited charadium :D
excited chasing that dream :D
excited does this really exist  
excited for julians 11 birthday yaaaay (: :D
excited for quiz night! mainly to hang out with awesome people like   :D <3
excited for these days to come already ! :D
excited god this can be sexy! 
excited haha!!! - lisa offered a new blowjob in order to mike.  everybody at school will be laughing  
excited haha.  he got found in the process!  
excited help!!! 
excited how the nightmare must i get free from this particular   :D
excited i can't believe this... is that this are the real deal  
excited i dispise the woman's a great deal just for this.  
excited inform me this is the tall tale!!!  
excited is this serious 
excited kaira is unquestionably any prick.  he posted the video upon porntube.  such an butt.  
excited lol.  how f'n crazy...!  
excited must check this out - produced my personal day!  
excited omfg! i can't believe this is back!  
excited this  is truly f'n crazy! 
excited today &x2665; :D
excited wtf!!! can this be real   
excited!
excited! catch me in barbados!!! 
excited!!!!!!!! cruise is booked!! catch in the caribbean!!!! happy bday to me!! :)
excited,nervous
excited.
exhausted and the fact that it's a dark gloomy rainy day, doesn't help at all :(
f4f positive energy rightbackatcha! :)
faith god christ love grace savior purpose servant john20 psalm133 1john1 joy <3 :)
family dinner joy :)
familytime joy :)
fat prick chickendippers depressed boys ladsontour slags bestfriends caunt snaaaake 8-(

ff artist; gloomy atmosphere comes in..you think rock..but it is  garage emo music london berlin rome madrid
ff artist; gloomy atmosphere comes in..you think rock..but it is  garage emo music london berlin rome madrid
ff happiness joy life women     who else 
ff after midnight project    berlin asia australia green joy sydney beijing tokyo denver napels lyon oslo
ff music for a warm beautiful night  acoustic berlin asia australia green joy sydney beijing tokyo denver up
finally happy 
first year of my daughter love fun joy instakid instago instabest instagramhub ig igers igaddi 
fitness girls training figure bodybuilding diet positive :)
flabbergasted 
flatironbuilding instagram goodtimes nyc happy madisonsquarepark love yolo   @ madison square park 
flattered
flexin truck road drive sky night negative newport trees swag  
flowers justbecause happy goodnight  
fml 
food morning breakfast love good pastelillo joy 
foreveralone sad :(
forgiveness is simply a way of getting obstacles out of the way so that we can look at each other again with joy. godisthegospel
freakingout soooo happy x3 :)
free game: smileys wars - gloomy cellar - smilies have begun war in a cellar. you...  en gloomy smileys wars :(
freedom joy peace :D :)
fresh baked apple strussel... my tummy is happy kryptonite  
fridaythe13th~ try not to die,like does idiots in final destination! happy friday the 13th,watch scares you :)
friends fridays birthday happy cool young instagood instafeeling foodporn fooddelicious three co 
friends treschic drinks fun happy instagram instagramers 
full tired happy :)
future proskater skatelife joy kid josefo fun funny 
futurecareer
gameover ... disappointed !
ginandtonic beer c4d 3dmodeling and spotify joy :)
gloomy heyjude :(
gloomy rainydays 
gloomy sky blue wallpaper photo instagram beautiful life lifestyle free freedom bear focus fil 
gloomy sorrow emotional insomnia mizsbsobad intears 
gloomy sunset red orange sky wallpaper photo instagram beautiful life lifestyle free freedom b 
gloomy traffic freshpics picoftheday 
gloomy trees 
gloomy day = studio day thedarkness :(
gloomy day 
gloomy day in the city of lake salt.. 
gloomy days. jean jacket  
gloomy 
gloomy 
gloomy 
gloomy is sunday :(
gloomy is when closest people around you give a pressure without knowing what's in your heart. :(
gloomy is when it is difficult for you to give a chance to others around you even you try for it. :(
gloomy is when you can't tell your feelings to someone you love. :(
gloomy is when you keep trying to survive in uncertainty without being able to get out of it. 8-(
gloomy is when you really love someone who is very difficult for you to meet. :(
gloomy is when you really miss the person that you can't possibly meet. :(
gloomy is when you try to keep smiling when your heart in pain. :)
gloomy night with sabrina's acoustic :(
gloomy skies ahead, but blue skies reflect in the building   @ old street roundabout  
gloomy sunday :(
gloomy sunday business man love time  the best of early years :)
gloomy sunday strange fruit lover man blues moonlight  moonlight in vermont
gloomy sunday - christian dead :)
gloomy time for some john mayer  :(
gloomy weather...yay! :) goodmorning3
gloomy.
glory freedom joy :D :)
god builds   faith god christ love grace joy purpose servant john20 acts4 1john1 1corinthians3
god good godisgood love happiness joy hope special oldtestament 
good :)
goodmorning.be positive.its friday.its a great day;)
goodnews so i'm on the front page of google for keywords like hemophilia christian and hemophilia jesus joy <3
goodnight
goodnight disappointed
goodnight :) happy yourthebest :)
gottaworkout
hahaha ahhh whatthefreak holycrap how why whatintheworld nervous excited in my head, all at once... gonnaexplode breathe phew 8-(
handcrafted earrings jewelry love peace joy... 
happiness family laugh babies love joy   
happiness joy mainbitch myfavoritecolorispurple 
happy :)
happy :)
happy :)
happy  goodnight  :)
happy  wholehearted laughter dallas :)
happy  @ cloudydaycraftstation 
happy af :)
happy baisakhi &amp; tamil new year &amp; vishu to all :)
happy baisakhi to everyone. enjoy! :-) :)
happy bedtime goodnight :)
happy birthday despicableme minions funny cute  
happy birthday to me &x2764; 
happy birthday to me :d friday 13th :)
happy comrie duff family  
happy content :)
happy excited :) :D
happy feet iphoneonly iphonesia instamania instagram  
happy finally refreshing  :)
happy finally \355\240\275\355\270\212 :)
happy followfriday  the 13th  everybody!  ;)   
happy freshstart :)
happy friday from the orange team! have fantastic weekend perth!  :)
happy goodday :)
happy goodnight :)
happy goodtimes makin'memories :)
happy grateful :)
happy happy happy happy happy   :)
happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy :) :)
happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy! i'm lucky! :)
happy happy happy happy. :)
happy happy happy (: :)
happy happy :)
happy honors day 
happy love <3
happy mustvisit joy :)
happy newyear tweethearts... nepal :)
happy optimistic grateful :)
happy osaka meowth arrived this morning, he is the happiest plush i've ever seen! 3 
happy overit :)
happy readyfortomorrow :)
happy sad confused :)
happy sleepy hopeful goodnighttweet :)
happy songkran everyone :)
happy stronger satisfied :)
happy swiftday 13  
happy swiftday swifties forever taylorswift 13 friday jj igers 
happy tamil newyear :)
happy thetrumpetkid:  via 
happy trails photoshoot  via    
happy youthleaders friday from  gives streetcred to all yls 'dont be afraid to dream'
happy &x263a; :)
happy &xe056; :)
happy (: :)
happy :)
happy :)
happy :) 3
happy :) fuk the rest :)
happy :3 :)
happy :d :)
happy as can fucking be!! :)
happy baisakhi everyone :) will wear yellow today :)
happy baisakhi: to all my sikh brothers and ladies ;-) baisakhi di lukh lukh vadhaiyyan !!!! :)
happy bday  
happy bday to lil ug!!!! 
happy belly :) lunch, :)
happy birthday jordan jackson r.i.p luv u :)
happy birthday to me :)
happy birthdaysuperg&xc9;e  kiss you
happy early birthday to me, and happy friday the 13th tomorrow, very excited :) :D
happy for some odd reason :)
happy friday 13th, avoid black cats, ladders and all those things that could cause you harm lol - spn family supaernatural :)
happy friday fam&x2663;&x2665; :)
happy friday my chomies :)
happy girl. whatofit  :)
happy goodnight :)
happy 
happy lunch _______ 
happy lunch. :)
happy national kiss day  :)
happy nepali new year 2069 :)
happy right now! lifesgood :)
happy tweet :)
happy tweet :) haven't been this happy in a while..life is so great...wouldn't change it for a thing :)
happy!
happy!
happy! 
happy! :) best day ever! 3 :)
happy! 
happy! photo by  :) 
happy!!
happy&x2665;
happy&x2755;
happy' sri lankan new year :d
happy.
happy.
happy. :)
happy:)
happy i can sayy that someone else is putting a smile on my face while ur too busy being a dick about thingz :)
happygirltweet happy happy happy happy &x263a; :)
headache 
health stress joy laughter jokes :)
heereedee
hetriedthat hivpositive rt&x201c; negative regulate ... 
hha still fridays 8-10pm on  mostknownunknown hatedonmostly but still a positive show.
highschool memories happy basketball gang_family  
hopeful excited :D
housewife makes her man happy  - megafuckme - xxx porn sex video = 
hurt depressed unwanted lonely .... my feelings are definitely in motion :@
icant i boo-hoo everytime gasp...selena is on excited
icantdatesomeonethat always wanna argue... negative
icantdatesomeonethat doesnt drive and doesn't have his own car negative
icantlivewithout makeup ...lol the first thing i thought of sad :(
icantwaitfor june 8th.. last day of school, 20 before my 16th, and 9 before i leave fay with hannah!(: excited :D
icecream sunday from mcdonald's &amp;&amp; chocolatechip cookies yummy food happy cookies  
ificould i would have a dj follow me everywhere to express my mood at any given moment. right now colbie calliat would be playing....happy
ignorent negative people will always exsist..but we all have the choice of the people we surround ourselves with
iknowthisonegirl that always ask me for my number negative
ilikeyou youmakemesmile happy :)
iloveitwhen boyfriend is on the radio after a game. happy :)
imforgiven joy peace :)
imsickof all the punks, perpetrators, and pedofiles who bring their evil presence into our beautiful world. power positive wins evrytime :)
imsickof people being so negative.. forreal just be positive it's so much better lol :)
ineverrealized how much of my life was consumed around you sad :(
inmyownworld depressed butlifegoeson 8-(
inspiration motivation quotes words live life joy love instahub instagram instagramers bestofthe 
inspiration positive lifestyle :)
instagood instapad instadaily instagram girl sister natalia creative red birthday happy 13th fr 
instagram, you've failed me disappointed 
instagramania ipadnesia relationship expression happy sad mom family airport jogjakarta 
instalove joy 
instalovephoto joy natenetti talbeingtheman dapper 
insulted
iphone4only iphone4 blackandwhite rain gloomy weather palmtree powerlines powerpoles clouds cloud 
iphone4s iphone bedstuy fulton utica schenectady highschool boys girls brooklyn nyc pride joy . 
iphonesia feel sky super joy live hello world beautiful nice kids children boy instagram_kids  
it'sgonnabehottonight
itstimefordodgerbaseball oh the joy being here brings me 3  :O
iwouldnever have a 3 some if it was 2 guys and one girl negative
jacket.hateblue happy 
jesus, take my hand, lead me wherever you desire; you are the joy of my spirit, my heart's burning fire.  poeticpause
jesuscultureconcert tomorrow night with le peachyplum &amp; meeting rickyjaime on saturday morning w novia &x2665; excited   &x2665;
jokesomeonetoldme that  was a avfc legend! lol. depressed bastard!
josiah grandson love joy heartbeat babyjosiah eyes  
joy :)
joy :)
joy :)
joy  joy  joy :)
joy  
joy behar is 69! omfg. idk if she has had surgery, but she looks fucking good! :)
joy chin mybitch :)
joy doodles imsupposedtobewatchingkids  
joy exceptnotreally :)
joy keepitup 
joy meditations  the joy of knowing christ: meditations on the gospels :)
joy sarcasm timetohide :)
joy sunshine 
joy &amp; malibongwe :)
joy  
joy , &amp; homf , need to stfu ! cause some pics somewhere in a phone of they soqqy asses  , nd mustang tittes ! :)
joy , a cure to sickness. 
joy : jesus first, others second, yourself last ! :)
joy break! 1,000 angels are cheering for you, blessing you. you are fully supported. feel &amp; enjoy it. :)
joy break! remember what it's like to float in water feel your buoyancy. let yourself totally relax in the water. <3
joy break! step on an escalator. let it carry you up. step off into wide open space &amp; fresh air. breathe &amp; enjoy! :)
joy 
joy 
joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.                posters fall seasons orange trees landscapes
joy is an extremely clean car instalovephoto  
joy mingled 
joy      
joy     
joy wouldn't be so good if it wasn't for pain.... :)
joy.
joy.
joy. 
joy...
joy....
joy: manager belting out i wanna know what love is by foreigner. fingers crossed for all future communication to occur via power ballad. <3
judges were disrespectful to other contestents in how they fawned over jessica on idol. sad :(
justforthemoment i am sitting in silence surrounding myself with &x263c; light, ;-)) laughter and joy, join me close your eyes and smile!
karma is a beast! and she's so so gorgeous! is your karma positive or negative here's a secret; the choice is yours. givegoodgetbetter :)
kinder joy toy egg childhood 
last test tomorrow so happy  
latenightconfessions i had to let her go n my mind, so that i wouldn't let a good one pass me by happy :)
latenightconfessions i'm going to the new edition concert in new orleans excited :D
latenightconfessions you are the best thing that's come into my life :) happy :)
laugh laughing crying cry tears joy funny adamsandler haha lol lmfao reality deffinetly hilari 
laughing for days sisters  and mazee!! love joy!! seriously have the best family ever!! winnin  :)
laughter ++ joy:  what makes you come alive 
laughteristhebbestmedicine 
lavrov: syria has taken sufficient positive steps towards annan's plan - via scoop.it - from tahrir... 
lavrov: syria has taken sufficient positive steps towards annan's plan |  
lavrov: syria has taken sufficient positive steps towards annan's plan | from tahrir square 
letitgo happy 
lgbt communities portrayed in positive light in new omnibus film / by olin monteiro [id; jakarta globe] 
life 
life really does feel a whole lot easier when you're positive! try it tweeps!
lifeisgood..
liltony late night boredom! siblings brother sister love silly glasses fun happy  
live life happy :D :)
lol joy 
loner sad :(
lookforward happy :)
love family kisses happy timerun  
love forgive happiness joy jesuschrist god live laugh 
love happy  
love happy living 
love joy peace happiness satisfaction confidence faithfulness belief care generosity <3 :) :D
love 'em but rise above 'em! <3
lt negative iparty lol 
m&amp;m london vacations milife joy 
mad disappointed
mall shopping spring besties forever gloomy day  
marilynmonroe crying after divorce to joedimaggio. marilyn sad 
mayan calendar
me allseeingeye gloomy dark portrait nyc ny 
me brazilian girl glasses smile happy 
me girl driving scarf eyes car gloomy day instagraming instagood  
me girl portrait gloomy brick  
me happy lips smile beautiful crazy instagram body arms girl woman sexy bed room mexico mexi 
melbourne weather needs no filters to look gloomy  :@
mommysgirl happy :)
monsterfam and friends who love music lets support guys from  follow to music! dance joy <3
motivation strength christ scripture bible bibleverse fav hope faith joy love life live smile  
muchmusiccountdown disappointed nojustinbieber he sings it but isn't in the vid why! 
mullion island gloomy sea  
music team je beats smile lang bro. positive vibes &x221a;... 
musicislife brings forth the best feeling ever joy  :)
myboilingpointis wisdom positive :)
myboilingpointis not getting tickets to see  depressed pissed
myboilingpointis when a person take you for granted, then when you moved on they wanna come back in the scene negative
national nurses week 2012 free telecall - positive psychology wellbeing for nurses - video now available! 
nationalgrilledcheeseday today , guess what mom promised to make ... then didn't make . disappointed letdown nolife nolove nofriends
nationalkissday noone foreveralone single sad :(
nationalkissday sad neverbeenkissed foreveralone :(
nationalsiblingday ......me giving my sister away at her wedding..!!! love life happiness joy peace 
nationalsiblingday and i'm an only child. joy :)
negative
negative
negative
negative 
negative   i'm cominnnn  now who coming lotion me down lol :(
negative  i seen one of da baddest bitches in da united states today! she was a 20piece
negative !
negative !  yes you are!! lol. no i am not !! lol  tineika's gassing me!! :@
negative ! just like a cute girl keep a ugly one in they circle o.o <3
negative  but everybody know iphones , better then androids
negative  cant get mad cause im statin facts stfu cromer !!!
negative congrats yayme 
negative grandma realink 
negative news means more fed action 
negative nono tacky hotmess fareal ohmy teamnostyle ... sorry, ihadto 
negative reviews are always opportunities for debates.
negative twitterlies
negative &x201c;  and you ain't tell me  you knew.... i'm thinking i had a cool secret lol&x201d;
negative &x201c; we bout to give bricksquad the work today&x201d;
negative &x201c; nah! just chill. teamheat  teambulls&x201d;
negative &x201c;  my hair long as 8 mile&x201d;
negative &x201c; i use to have nothing now i gotta whole lot of errrrthang!&x201d;
negative &x201c; im not pretty ! 
negative &x201c; be my friend   u kno what he wanna do&x201d; :)
negative .
negative .. awee! *begins to blush* lol oomf 
negative 10 day's for my.b.d *__*! wataing 21-4
negative 5x&x201c; everybody say im glowingpreggo&x201d;
negative aint doin sht fa yu today homie
negative boys
negative cause that would mean yall were never wrong &x201c; a woman's intuition is the   :@
negative chain reactions... notgood
negative he on that mf &x201c;  his ass bout be playin tho i kno he aint in no rush to be back on the bench&x201d; :@
negative he only fuck with a few &amp; them few come to his house &amp; see him lol
negative i meant my car &amp; i gotta get it from the shop
negative i'm on a mission. lol  too many vegetables.... can we get another meat in mix
negative i'm one of the nicest mudda fuckas you will ever meet!
negative is not a path,u can b u without trying to b here to make a point cause makeing a point don't hurt u it hurt the ppl that love u :@
negative lol &x201c;  man its they bedtime. old mfs! lmao!&x201d;
negative lol  girl you know you like me lol. <3
negative lol blondieslayinem its all about dem g-men
negative lol  i'm paying $3.00 an hr u down :(
negative lol  it was that blue sonata in your area lol
negative lol, just joking!   ren and jade and bryant mad tho! next time they want to be included.
negative lost 2 accumulators positive manky reds let me down everycloud :d footballaintsobad :)
negative lost two accumulators positive  will be up for the rumpypumpy the night!
negative n i got my serious face on
negative no $ amt gonna save him   --;   soo&x2026;y'all gonna help zimmerman and donate  :@
negative people will always try to drag you down to their level.  :(
negative people will always try to drag you down to their level. love 'em but rise above 'em! :(
negative be a man and pussy will come to you!
negativedustbucket and then tyga dancin for dem dollas comes on and i swear            
negative &x201c; saw a post on  that said zeta train is comin 0_o&x201d; is it the zeta chapter
negative will ppl ever stop frontin on these social sites!!!
negative regulate rt&x201c; me, can i put in an application... 
negative all the good girls are asleep at this time. hann :)
negative --- i'm playing &x201c; 7 on 7 , who going &x201d;
negative i am the boss
negative  around the end of december\january
negative book smart and street smart are equal in value.
negative nah she wanna eat fresh lol
negative dreamchaser2 gonna be way better than coke boyz 3 probably
negative connection  we keep watchn da same shit...
negative rose bout 2 shit on da knicks
negative if u smoke weed bitch i know we fucking the first night...
negative  okay!  its teamheat ova here ! !
negative tyga &amp; big sean - i'm gone. sounds like it was a song made for drake but ain't get picked up for take care. <3
negative red niggas gone take over!
negative my tl always rollin' ._.
negative imma be trippy today ^__^
negative if you're extremely geeked for 4/20..like too geeked..you're not a real stoner..like we smoke everyday...
negative so much testosterone at this prayer breakfast i just want to scream operationpantypower! no   :@
negative  she got tht get right ;)
negative i gat some candy for ty &amp; dets high asses, i'm such a nice friend :)
negative talm bout a pocket rocket..boi i'll make yo whole block disappear..
negative  oh hell noo lmaooo you need to get them eyes checked out cuz it was deff there today lmao foh :O
negative people who subtweet each other, are fucking.
negative you can tell a lot about a nigga by the bitch that he fucking
negative oh... capricorn has an addictive taste for bullshit.
negative fakin like shit. yall love us!! hehe bestueverhad   <3 <3
negative sex ain't shit without feelings.
negative we all know aires are the best sign its our season baby :)
negative hshs gone be real this year, mark my words!
negative twilight was bullshit but he don't like twilight smh i can't take ta! <3
negative talking to my best friend elizabeth. :)
negative damn blakedabasedson the saltiest heat fan every time they crumble in the fourth smh!!!!
negative so if i  o u, u really owe me then if you oh me, you owe me.... :O
negative sir agree with   niggas run the pussy!: pussy runs this world yeahisaidit
negative smh  missbrown24 listen to your girl!  peanut butter is the shit
negative that shit won't work! smh!
negative!
negative!  dang  just went off on me in a text &xe40d;. === it was necessary
negative! will twin be back by the summer
negative!! &x201c; heyboos i prefer a woman w sexy toes random&x201d;&x201d; :D
negative!! might miss class today.
negative!! tomar i will not be joing you guys in twitterafterdark ............yall going to miss me or not
negative!!! if twitter said it, it must be true evl did i just see that 'all virgos are crazy 'on my tl
negative!!!!
negative&x201d; tell him kill his self..
negative, if i was eligible.  subtweet
negative, they offer black ppl plea  the goverment always offers a plea90% of the time especially when u aint black
negative---- fat bitches need love too.&x201d; <3
negative. might be too much for you..... but im not too much lmao
negative. u not following me.&x201c;  lmao yo long face ass popped up on my tl&x201d;
negative.... i actually think he thinks i cant find nobody better than him ctfu... u gon learn today nigga
nervous 8-(
nervous pumped scared positive 8-( :)
nevergiveup
night citylights turkishcoffee spring joy   @ dilara's place&xe11b; 
nofilter love bestfriend thursdaynights redbox happy palapinga 
nofilter silly, smiling girl.! happy smile cute   :)
nomoredrama happy :)
not ready
notevenaware that they will never have their parents... sad  god please be with those two beautiful little girls  :@
notmyday !
notsurprised excited :D
nowwatching eat pray love.. il be doing it soon!!! excited boracay :D
np how do i breathe  depressed 8-(
nvleg campaign goes negative in first mail piece!  comes after  over signs!  nvgop ad21
nw the last airbender the tv show was so much better than the movie disappointed
oh joy redbull energy after school random love  
ok, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard. -dr. joy instantfollowback :)
omg mikeandike just got a divorce... sad wtfhappened :O
oomf negative youshhhhhhh so mean. this weekend :///  urude
oomf asked me to include myself in some foolery! negative homie lol
oomf been twatchin...said i been crying all day negative
oomf day went horrible sad :(
oomf is cute af but he'll never go for me.. :@
oomf just said wootwoot but with a h disappointed &amp; irritated annoyed &amp; ugh
oomf just tried to go off lmaoo negative
oomf keep getting hoed by the same nigga! sad :(
oomf swear everybody want his a** negative
oomf swear she thick ....... negative .
oomf think she look good man lol negative :)
oomf thinks i'm mr. fantastic negative lol
oomf, i mean  is all about drama. she thinks i give a fuck, haha. unfollow me bitch, un-fucking-follow me. happy  tagged
opp application is in the mail.... 2nd times a charm. positive :)
overit hurt depressed neverwilliputupwiththisagain  
overlysadtweet likereallysad megasad depressed 8-(
overthesummer i better be in cali, or at least florida. excited :D
overthesummer i will be going skydiving!! excited :D
overthesummer i will be in myrtle beach, chicago with  miami, and somewhere in south carolina. oh.. and home too :) excited
overthesummer i will feel the ocean water for the first time ever in almost 20yrs of living! :) excited :D
overthesummer i'll prolly end up hanging out with, jose,ray,eric&amp;chance33 again(: gunna be a good summer(: cantwait! excited. :)
overthesummer i'm going to floridaaaaa ! (: excited :D
overthesummer im going to bosnia :) excited :D
paint joy 
party happy fashion friends   @ quinta linda - centro de eventos 
path 
paulydproject it's not as good or interesting as i planned it to be. disappointed :)
peace compassion joy :)
peace pilgrim quotes love joy <3 :)
peacemaker joy 
people 
pergatory the happy medium 
peroalmenosnosoynegro ~~~ apparently, not very ingenioso, or he/she would realize some of us are multilingual.  sad, just sad...
petpeeve trying to make me be friends with someone i just dislike. negative! :)
photoadayapril whereyouatebreakfast ian catsofinstagram cat rain gloomy coffee breakfa  @ mira loma 
picstich happy sb2012 &x2600; 
picstitch nationalsibling day myboys twins &x2764;sofmylife men happiness smiles giggles energy joy mo 
pitbull pit beach gloomy he's 6 months young this month 
playersmoreclutchthanlebron tony romo in the playoffs lmaoo sad :(
playersmoreclutchthanlebron, wooww, people act like lebron is the only player on the heat, everything is always his fault, lmao sad :(
positive :)
positive :)
positive  :)
positive life goals quotes success  
positive :)
positive always because the way you think reflects on the way you act :)
positive and negative is just a state of mind. it's all about your perspective :)
positive attitude = positive mind! :)
positive attitude gives positive results teamfollowback :)
positive energy running through my veins. anytime a surge hits, i can only think about  impact relevant rolemodel :)
positive hour :)
positive 
positive 
positive i'm getting somewhere in life. negative i feel like it doesn't effect my thoughts  <3
positive life dont drink or smoke :)
positive ma nicca ! young, wild and free that's how i live my life.. :D
positive ma nigga !!! be happy, not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. :)
positive means building things-and people-up not breaking them down fhpc :)
positive plz read this!!! starting something new called fridayquoteday!!! 
positive power &x25ba;when you are ready, you will fly. be patient. ~ sunny dawn johnston
positive psychology: maintaining mental health and preventing mental illnesses. an interesting article!  nc :)
positive quote of the day: &xa8;life isn't about finding yourself. life's about creating yourself. - george bernard shaw :)
positive hamdillah
positive you'll live &amp; learn ... :D
positive shit will happen  :)
positive things happen to positive thinkers :)
positive thinking :)
positive thinking 
positive thinking is not a passing phase cause it's what creates ur future so the more u question ur thoughts the better ur future cud be :)
positive thinking, brings positive things! :)
positive thoughts on my sugar packet ! :-) economy sugar 
positive today will be a better day. :)
positive words......... :)
positive,positive,positive! let's go
positive.
positive...as long as i'm healthy i'll work hard and enjoy every moment becuase i'm workin for the best family a man could ever have. :)
positivemovement positive passion growth grateful amazinglife leadership i believe in more! 
positivity sermons are killing nigerians. they stay positive even when they are being slaughtered.'don't say negative things'.. fight :)
preach happiness is a choice, choose happy ! positive :D :)
premchand's boodhi kaki. what joy to find this. old is gold books emotions :)
premierscales is excited to annouce their new website will go live within the next week! countdown :D
proof chill happy 
prophecy 
protecting yourself from negative energies 
protip: raw virgin coconut oil does not taste like it smells. greasymouth disappointed <3
quote always remember, joy is not incidental to spiritual quest. it is vital.  rebbe nachman 
quotesiliveby surround yourself with positive, successful people.
rangers with the w, it's only right mavs jump on one too... oh yeah and :O
rare based positive waterfront bitchmob :)
realfriends dont go behind your back ans sleep with someone you already slept with negative
reasonilovemyboyfriend he makes me smile when no one else can. happy :@
relaxed happy :)
repeat  bubbly joy sweeter &x266b; sweeter by kim burrell 
roadtrip break at an antique store - cue dress ups!! sillybilly fashionista sad 
sad :(
sad :(
sad :(
sad  :(
sad angry disappointed frustrated -- thats how i feel :(
sad depressed irritated confused  frustrated :@
sad happy goodmovie :)
sad mad happy speechless :)
sad nevergettingtheballagain :(
sad open :(
sad shanewest :(
sad wise quotes positive love 
sad bitches competing with me and i'm in ur job stadium :(
sad cause i got my cereal ready w/ sliced bananas and stuff and i opened the fridge and theres no milk :@
sad forgotton :(
sad fucking case fa real :(
sad 
sad i kno. first time i ever say some where an ate alone :(
sad is feb 15th :(
sad lol :(
sad mymeatball didn't text me all day ! :(
sad third inning, dodger stadium. nobody here 
sad sadtimes :(
sad that i'm not sleeping over  in my spongebob pajamas tonight.
sad to find out that mitch hedberg died in 2005  rip
sad tweet :(
sad tweet i always get the hiccups since i was young.... soberup :(
sad when your 10 year old cousin is taller than you :(
sad you don't know your own brothers birthday :(
sad!
sad&x201d; just let it out in woodshop tomorrow playinwithwood lol
sad&xa0;
sad. sorry mom sorry dad. i already did my best 8-( :)
sad...
sad;(
satisfaction contentment joy :)
scared 8-(
scared worried disappointed dontlikethis 8-(
seattle public market ... washington nature urban positive shoutout to   
sens better play a better game next time disappointed :/
seo positive announces talk times at internet world 2012 
shenanigans happy goodtimes   
shitgettingreal excited :D
shout out       positive change
shutupandkissme 7days not long now!!! excited  
sigh sad :(
singingislife
sinkingin
sisters joy jump love mybabies 
sky gloomy saparua blue bandung indonesia android androidnesia  
skype bed late happy thanks   
sleepy gloomy cute one follow anything girl beauty muchlove justinbieber   
smdh
smh disappointed
smh sad :(
smile big braces car happy kid single boy swag 
smile peace love lol  happy cuddle nice smoke high sweetdreams  
sneaky can't wait excited :D
snow vacation emotion happy instamood instagramers instacool iphoneonly popularpage followme like 
so happy omfg dead :)
soyoumeantotellme if i follow you, you will follow back superstoked positive hilarious :)
soyoumeantotellme that they switched private practice to tuesday nights disappointed
spirit soul inspiration joy :)
stillnotslept suicide is next. fuck life. negative justneedsleep
stressed depressed dressed 
stressed irritated disappointed :@
stressedout
sucks  sad i'llmissyou :(
superbummed sad :(
surprised
swag! happy determined  :)
taken :d happy faithful iloveher !3
talkout to us about what has made you feel positive today, we're keen to know your story! talkout positive mh :)
talmutairi q8 positive life :)
tbt my 2 pride n joy 
tbt my famous fridge picture. chiptooth cheesing noshame joy fresh clean snapbac  @ throw back thurs 
teambulls&x201d; negative mam bulls suck they nothing without d.rose
teamfyekandy
teamheat all day don't get it wrong but we ain't gon make it far in the playoffs playing like this smfh disappointed <3
teddybear raychelray sadness gloomy wednesdaynight bedroom homeeeyyy 
tellmewhy me n my nigga paul morris and we see dis dude jackin off
tetrismode boyfriend excited much :D
tgif so happy 13th or not 7 more fridays left in school that's what im talking about :)
thatawkwardmoment when  says she loves you more negative
thatawkwardmoment when people think cuban is mexican. aha! negative
thatawkwardmomentwhen u know no matter how hard u tried, u only have 11followers cry sad empty :@
thatbored.... ... disappointed...
thatmoment when the dog takes over your pillow and you don't want to move him so i have to share the pillow with my fiance sad :(
thatshittyfeeling after you cry so hard you can barely keep your eyes open. hurt disappointed :@
thebestfeeling when you love talking to that one person happy <3 :)
themostpainfulthing watching him leave.. sad :(
theoffice kinda sucked tonight disappointed
thesave is crap. she should have gone home. disappointed
thesave on idol why america!! why! what the heck were u thinking. jessica should win! thx's judges for saving her:)))))) happy :)
thesave should've been saved for next week, in case something drastic were to happen. disappointed
thingsblackpeopletakeseriously. the same things as everyone else. y is this trending dumbtrends really wtf comeon growup racist sad :O
thingsigottateachmydaughter dnt put nun b4 yo kid.. dnt think u gon b out gettn high &amp; drinkn every day leavn yo chaps wit me negative
thingsthatfrustrateme fat girls callin themselves thick negative ..
thingsthatfrustrateme girls that think they cute just cuzz they got body or a fat ass negative
thingsthatfrustrateme is when a guy takes forever to text back when u guys are having a very important conversation :( negative
throwback thursday tbt bailey depressed emo seductive sexy model mirrorpic hot yum do me  
throwback i tried the dark hair. negative 
throwbackthursday friends goodtimes happy missinghim a.c.t  
throwbackthursday not done yet. one more to finish it!!!  itsover look at my face happy 
throwbackthursday when my brother was born, daddy father joy birth newlife 
tipsy happy no worries  
tired cantbreathe sad :'( :(
tired frustrated sad need things to get better. only time will tell :(
todieforphotoaday  positive  family happiness  
todieforphotoaday 12 positive w/ a dirty face ! :d  
todieforphotoaday positive it might be snowing but the tulips are growing so i'm staying positive it will   :)
todieforphotoaday day 12 positive   
toomanyhashtags haha.
toomanymen fool these girl by calling then bae or boo,in reality they prolly don't know their real names... sad
toomanymen have no ambition, sophistication or class. sad :@
toomanymen that say they got bitches an $ be layin uh round wit 4-5 niggaz on uh friiday night an still askin mom's for money
toomanymen wanna put the good woman on hold to play with all the easy hoes thinking she will be around forever negative :)
toomanymen want to ignore the past, live in the now, and don't think about the future sad yolo my foot! :)
toomuchonmymind
toygiants the 2nd edition coming soon! gloomy totoro astroboy atom zaku yoshitomonara evangelion fi 
toygiants the 2nd edition coming soon! gloomy totoro astroboy atom zaku yoshitomonara evangelion... 
tree maple leaves buds mapletree yyj mcrae gloomy raining weather victoria vancouverisland west 
truestory heart open truth love life live joy grateful 
truth everytime i lose a follower i lose a little piece of my soul depressed
turnup turnup turnup!!! i get to see my rho lambda boos tomorrow excited you know we gotta turnup
tweegram positive life  
tweegram quotes positive  
tweegram thegoodbook positive thankful 
twirling for joy 
twitter reacts to 's $1 billion acquisition of instagram: 12% of tweets were positive and about 35% negative: 
twitterlies  the heat might come back &amp; win....negative lmao
vibe positive  
watching: stomp the yard 2 homecoming **i didn't even know.there was a part 2** after this sleep time happy friday :)
wedding countdown happy couple   
welcometotwitter where all of a sudden, everybody thinks they are porn stars...&amp; got the best sex game.. negative :)
wheniwaslitttle littleboy boy cutekid schoolphoto parkhill london old kid cute autumn happy ins 
whydoyou think you are cool cuz you got mad clothes, shoes, and accessories but yet you live with your mom! negative :D
whyyouaremyex i could never figure out wtf that was around ur lips n u trynna kiss negative :O
wisdomseekers. awaken your sense of joy &amp; wonder. 
word the harder you fall, the higher you bounce ! positive
workinhard positive :)
worstdayever 
wow
wow i just read every single commentary about the people that saw last night theavengers &amp; they&xb4;re all positive reviews :)
wtpd revitalize youth rally, saturday, 6pm at living water christian center. we're excited to see what god has in store for you :D
xobc 
yellow bundle of joy foodporn food foodie   @ hwa nam restuarant 
yolo - you only live once.. um negative you forgot about eternallife in heaven.. oop! drake tried to trick you.. :D
youknowwhoyouare excited :D
zeal spreadlove
&x2015; e.e cummings. &x2734; &x2022;&x2764;&x2022; &x2734;&x2734; &x2022;&x2764;&x2022; &x2734; love &x2764; joy <3 :)
&x2015; e.e cummings. &x2734; &x2022;&x2764;&x2022; &x2734;&x2734; &x2022;&x2764;&x2022; &x2734; love &x2764; joy ~ 
&x201c;silence is the perfectest herald of joy. i were but little happy if i could say how much. sun today. :)
&x201c; i hope the bulls bring the heat to the heat&x201d; negative
&x201c; hate age why can't everyone be the same grade depressed&x201d; that doesnt even make sense :@
&x201c;  lol no that time you ........ did you know what!&x201d; negative :@
&x201c; breaking your neck for a mf that aint got shit negative&x201d;
&x201c;  on a first date.. um negative lol&x201d; i've done it!! i swear. n we still talk!! lol
&x201c; sex is wayyy better than love&x201d; negative 
&x201c; every girls has at least 3 to 5 guys texting them at once fact.&x201d; negative
&x201c;    the heat won tonight   i just woke up&x201d;/ negative
&x201c;  they said it not me&x201d; u believed it which means you thought it was true negative
&x201c; not working again at finish line till next thursday. happy. need a break from that place.&x201d; pshhh
&x201c; &x201c; can't kiss my own ass, soo what makes you think ima kiss yours mmmm negative&x201d;&x201d;
&x201c; these hoes get a lil bit of dick n dere life n swear they the shit. negative&x201d;
&x201c; saying good bye to someone u like and u know u never can go back to them depressed sadtruth&x201d; :) :@
&x201c; finally made the decision.... going to suny purchase!!!!! excited&x201d; yayyyyy aldeni!!!!!!
&x201c; laurie forman got a dui, way to put a bad influence on that 70's show...disappointed&x201d; she was also the worst character
&x201c; idk why i try so hard when i know i'm going to get screwed over in the end. depressed&x201d;
&x201c; &x201c; i used to be a beast at that pokemon stadium on my purple n64 maaaan....&x201d;---dope game!&x201d; negative
&x201c; white people came up with the word 'nigger'........
&x201c; dis boy said d.rose trash 
&x201c; graduation and haiti both within the next month!!! so blessed!!! &x201d; yaaayyyyy you!!!!! happy happy happy
&x201c;  you shaved your beard :o&x201d; you seem more disappointed than me lol nobeard sad :'
&x201c;  u do&x201d; negative! if anything its vice versa
&x201c; lebron is clutch!!!&x201d; haha negative
&x201c; me &amp; these double dutch  friendships dont mix. jump in &amp; out when you please. negative&x201d;
&x201c; this feeling is awful. sad&x201d;keep your head up!
&x201c; light skin girls run shit &x201d;negative nigga
&x201c; i just wanna drink my life away :( depressed&x201d; dude you're like 16 lol <3
&x201c;   and   look alike to me ! lol&x201d; negative
&x201c; time for casi to conquer the world, two tests and a speech. joy&x201d; if you conquer the world, i want australia  
&x201c; this summer isn't what i expected it to be. disappointed&x201d;
&x201c; &x201c; liesdudestell , im about to go to sleep , ill talk to you tmrw . - negative&x201d;&x201d;
&x201c;  i'm wit it&x201d;. negative
&x201c; got a text saying they thank god for me. sweet iloveyou happy&x201d; <3
&x201c; it's going to be a great day!!! positive /// yuuuuuup! in the voice of trish
&x201c; niggers think they fresh cause they wearing snapbacks negative&x201d;truuuu
&x201c;  yea and ur the father o.o right lol&x201d; ---- negative
&x201c; what i sent mari  sad&x201d;
&x201c; today was such a good day(: happy kinda&x201d; cause you saw me :)
&x201c;  i will see u may 19th at the fillmore in dc !pw/  excited !!!!! :d&x201d;-xcited 2 perform in dc!
&x201c; yayy fast five is on happy&x201d; great movie dope
&x201c; i hate over thinking a situation when it's not that big of a deal.&x201d; depressed :@
&x201c; what school has one floor sad&x201d;
&x201c; carmelo is the best ball player in the worlddddd !!!!!! &x201d; negative :)
&x201c;  sad salute&x201d; no i'm not  :@
&x201c; mr. robatos is not what it's hyped up to be disappointed&x201d; don't ever say that again. it's amazing. go to gordos!
&x201c;  mitch you only got 8 tweets disappointed&x201d;i don't know what to tweet!
&x201c; crying because everything is ending drillteamprobz&x201d; last performance as a talonette on saturday!! breakingmyheart sad
&x201c; thingsblackpeopletakeseriously twitter beef&x201d; sad
&x201c; the last couple days have been great for me happy&x201d; i couldn't agree more i love life right now... <3
&x201c; got those good ole results back...negative yall bitches play 2 many games wit cha pussy gettested&x201d;exactly my appt is friday! :)
&x201c; your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are! positive think about it!&x201d;
&x201c;  hi! i miss you so much. needmesomehaley iloveyou&x201d; i miss you guys so badly volleyballdeprived depressed
&x201c; we thuggin it in these hercules streets mayne ! hahaha&x201d; lmao negative
&x201c;  sadly im not they replaced me chelsey! :( sad&x201d; what the fuck you're joking, right
&x201c; i cannot watch aaliyah's behind the music.....  rips me up.....&x201d;--i thought i finally could...negative
&x201c; toomanymen wanna put the good woman on hold to play with all the easy hoes thinking she will be around forever negative&x201d; :)
&x201c; well since we can just make up days and everyone goes with it, saturday is national make grant a sammich day. excited&x201d; and me
&x201c; christian louboutin launches their first ever online boutique &x2013; yay!  joy
&x201c; insominacookies happy&x201d; ooooh ! i'm jealous :((
&x201c;   can't wait too see you!!!!&x201d;  excited
&x201c; &x201c; every girls has at least 3 to 5 guys texting them at once fact.&x201d; negative&x201d; doublenegative
&x201c; &x201c; every girls has at least 3 to 5 guys texting them at once fact.&x201d; negative&x201d; bigfatnegative
&x201c; having a fat ass is better then having a college degree nowadays&x201d; negative
&x201c; rough start to my morning...staying positive though always&x201d;
&x201c; stay positive, stay fresh, stay true&x201d;
&x201c; stay positive, stay fresh, stay true&x201d;
&x201c; &x201c; outside of club kd!&x201d;hoeslang&x201d; negative
&x201c; depressed. but i'll try to keep myself calm..&x201d; same here. but imma drive my quad and hopefully fall off the cliff &amp; drown
&x201c; i can see the coachella fest lights beeming up in the sky 3 excited&x201d; ready(:
&x201c; foam party sucked so bad disappointed&x201d; made my day
&x201c; when ppl rate themselves higher than what they really are  negative!&x201d; you ain't lyin..!
&x201c; love when god's truth speaks to my heart 3 peace joy love&x201d; <3
&x201c; oldies at redbrick i can deal drunk happy&x201d; they always play oldies! we should switch it to oldbrick!
&x201c; not feelin it tonight.
&x201c; i've been watching bet for a meeean minute. my inner black is coming out xd&x201d; negative
&x201c; &x201c; ready for a fun weekend!!! excited&x201d;  prom&x201d; we have prom too! &x263a;
&x201c; 25 yrs old!!! whoa!!!&x201d; is this real life i swear you were 13 yesterday. sad
&x201c; soooo.... i sell mary kay now! ^__^ excited and a little nervous but mostly excited|| same here ;) 8-(
&x201c;  you and me both baby doll:) happy&x201d; well thats pretty neat. proud of us
&x201c; males are the most ignorant things on this earth fact !&x201d; negative
&x201c; &x201c; he betrayed his brother over a bitch negative&x201d;
&x201c; sooo i'm bouta shower with this toboggan on..&x201d; negative lls
&x201c; anyone can catch your eye...
&x201c; nationalkissday noone foreveralone single sad&x201d;
&x201c; damn, tonight was good. happy&x201d;
&x201c; this nigga relle like her.... buh she got a bf lol&x201d; negative <3
&x201c; new chucks came in!!! happy  those are to fresh bro!
&x201c; bulls about to get fried ..&x201d; negative
&x201c; i hate when ppl call uu fake when rly dey dah mane fuckin 1...sad&x201d; negative &x274c;&x274c;&x274c; :@
&x201c;  he betrayed his brother over a bitch negative doublenegative&x201d; lol i agree!!!
&x201c; why do i watch romantic movies depressed&x201d; i do this!!!
&x201c; i hope justin bieber notices me one day&x2026; ill never get adepressed neversaynever&x201d;  take note of that my friend ^ :@
&x201c; ready for a fun weekend!!! excited&x201d;  prom
&x201c; i fall in love with celebrities a little too quickly. this is one of the many reasons why i'm pathetic. sad&x201d; <3
&x201c;  to make it more gloomy iall of them!!!&x201d; gloomy all round!
&x201c;  did he just asked to spend the night negative&x201d; fuckwrongwithbul l0lz
&x201c; i only need 2 classes to graduate, but i might be forced to take 7 next year negative&x201d;.graduate early you won't regret it!
&x201c; last night with my best friend &x201d; depressed :)
&x201c; just when youu thought youu had a friend that youu could tell everything to.... sad/confused tweet.&x201d; you okay :)
&x201c; what ever happened to gooch swag disappointed onlyone&x201d; true but that's summer gooch fest shit.
&x201c; i thought oomf was different. guess not. disappointed&x201d; you ok girl ://
&x201c;  it was revolutionary lol, he was spitting fire telling it like he suppose to.&x201d; and thanks to you, i missed it. sad <3 <3
&x201c; 93% of women don't kno wtf they want...&x201d; negative unless i'm just a part of that 7% :O
&x201c; i.. kno yu aint been honest!! disappointed&x201d;
&x201c; and...you wonder why we're not friends disappointed&x201d; :O :)
&x201c;  u already know bulls....lol&x201d;--negative
&x201c; posing in yo avi wit boi shorts n no ass  negative&x201d; yes mam truly agree lol :@
&x201c; posing in yo avi wit boi shorts n no ass  negative&x201d;/ glad you spoke up on that cus i was thinking it :@
&x201c;   fan!&x201d; lol negative
&x201c; had a great day today :) positive&x201d;
&x201c; had a great day today :) positive&x201d;
&x201c; had a great day today :) positive&x201d; &x263a;
&x201c; he know mal will get in that ass....&x201d; negative
&x201c;  lol no he is not...he will be coming too&x201d;// ha negative :@
&x201c; the person who won the sydney trip is meeting them soon.... haish... depressed jealous &x201d; let's have a group crying sesh
&x201c;  yuh aint on no fckin bed rest&x201d;positive :@
&x201c; hurt depressed unwanted lonely .... my feelings are definitely in motion&x201d;
&x201c; my mother want a grandchild let me let  &amp;   no lol&x201d; negative :@
&x201c; after we won the game i went into the middle of the field under the lights and i almost levitated&x201d; negative
&x201c;  xhinese buffet later&x201d; negative
&x201c; when two of my best friends are finally talking. now i can go to sleep with a smile on my face. :) happy abouttime&x201d; fag :)
&x201c;  , lol. it is today!&x201d;negative not mine
&x201c; interview in the am! excited itsalreadydone claimingit&x201d; amen!!
&x201c; full transcript of lil b lecture at nyu...   positive really insightful....&x201d; //interesting!!
&x201c; &x201c; all i gotta say is wooooow disappointed&x201d;&x201d;
&x201c; &xe41f; remotherfuckingtweet!  niggas in atlanta .. fail.. niggas in atlanta negative!&x201d;
&x201c; mmmmm negative sir. lol &x201c; who hotter than me&x201d; me nigga&x201d; i'm so hot the sun get its heat from me
&x201c;  12/14 i kno music lol&x201d; negative
&x201c; stressed irritated disappointed&x201d; live life and be happy for what god has blessed you with. iloveyou familyiseverything :D :)
&x201c; just when i thought i could trust that go to person.  can't trust em anymore.  smh disappointed.&x201d;
&x201c; losing friends b/c of one poorly made choice. joy&x201d; i love you&x2764; <3
&x201c; if someone asked me about my feelings for you i could give them a whole list. why can't you. disappointed&x201d; same here!
&x201c; i don't get how anyone has ever found me attractive mindblown uglygirlproblems sad&x201d;knock it off you are beautiful!!!
&x201c; he betrayed his brother over a bitch negative&x201d;
&x201c; bulls will not i repeat will not make it out of the east....if miami don't go then boston will get a shot imjustsaying&x201d;
&x201c; &x201c; ppl the say sex is overrated ain't freaks. i feel srry for'em. smh sad&x201d;&x201d;
&x201c; i'm always looking at the glass half full positive&x201d;
&x201c;  mean ass lol&x201d;
&x201c; no really im just depressed!&x201d; me 2 :@
&x201c; life is only as bad as you make it out to be. positive&x201d;
&x201c;  i will b cheerin for the bulls then;)
&x201c;  really  oh yes!!!! that's my boo!!....hahahha&x201d;  negative :O
&x201c; so much shit going on right now but i dont really care. fuck getting frustrated :-) positive&x201d;
&x201c; negative &x201c; fellas before beatin the pussy . eat it . before u kill the pussy.&x201d;&x201d;-- wack!! . u get no luv from me :@
&x201c;  negative lol&x201d; nawl fuck that lol
&x201c; &x201c;  lol no he is not...he will be coming too&x201d;// ha negative&x201d;***positive :@
&x201c; you're a thousand miles away but you still make me smile happy&x201d;hhhmmm i wonder who you could be talking about lol :O
&x201c; cologne have sacked coach stale solbakken &amp; appointed frank schaefer until the end of the season.&x201d; shocked and sad
&x201c; hope everyone have a positive day....&x201d;
&x201c; getting 10 runned in slow pitch softball
&x201c; &x201c; yea i'm wit  on that one she should have stayed in girl scouts lmao sad&x201d;&x201d;
&x201c;  damn rite smh i be hoping an praying they shit break down &amp; cum knocking at my door 4 a ride negative&x201d;omg yess :(
&x201c; just got up now i gotta get ready for school negative&x201d;::: u late as always
&x201c;  i'm here nowwww! zipit.&x201d; you'll enjoy it we have a creep ass sub. joy
&x201c; &x201c; its a gloomy day n i ain't talkin bout da weather&x201d;&x201d;
&x201c; just when i thought i was done with cheer i have to get ready for spring training joy&x201d; be aggressive. b-e-aggressive.
&x201c; that's gon be my son role model&x201d; negative cant let that one fly!!!
&x201c; oomf just old me to get out the bed! uhh negative ...you need to be climbin in with me. lmao jkjk&x201d;
&x201c; i did fucking horrible this marking period. disappointed&x201d;
&x201c; i had a great night being single, doing me! positive happy&x201d; be really proud of that :)
&x201c; i should really be more of an asshole to people. being nice isn't cutting it. negative&x201d;
&x201c; how can one person make me feel like this&x201d; is this a happy or a sad tweet!! <3
&x201c; what happened to the females that can cook...longgone&x201d; negative
&x201c;be yourself, everyone else is taken.&x201d; oscar wilde quote positive :)
&x201c;be yourself, everyone else is taken.&x201d; oscar wilde quote positive in 
&x201c;humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty&x201d; - mahatma gandhi quote occupy truth joy :)
&x201c;i was blessed with a birth and a death, and i guess i just want some say in between.&x201d; ani difranco
&x201c;let us live in joy, free from greed among the greedy. among those who are greedy, we live free of greed&x201d;. dhammapada yoga spirituality :D
&x201c;nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.&x201d;  be positive peace :)
&x201c;unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.&x201d; <3
&x201d;first they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win&x201c; - mahatma gandhi quote truth occupy joy peace :)
&x201d;you must be the change you want to see in the world&x201c;. - mahatma gandhi quote joy truth peace occupy ows :)
&x2113;&x263a;&x2113; rt a beautiful day it must be....frown at me nd i wuld frown bak...smile nd i wuld smile bak....positive perspectives. :)
&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x250a;&x250a;&x2606;&x250a;&x2594;&x2594; happy day everyone!&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x250a;&x250a;&x2606;&x250a;&x2594;&x2594;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x250a;&x250a;&x2606;&x250a;&x2594;&x2594;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x250a;&x250a;&x250a;&x250a;&x2606;&x250a;&x2594;&x2594;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x250a;&x250a;&x250a;&x250a;&x2606;&x250a;&x2594;&x2594;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x250a;&x250a;&x2606;&x250a; :)
&x2600;sunshine where did you go gloomy :(
&x2605;there is joy in laughter get help learn from 
&x2605;thistimegetitright!&x2666;by busski&x2122;  depressed sad down&amp;blue &x2666; finally a rapper w/a positive smoove' message! t :)
&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
&x263a; happy 
&x263c; thank you for all the follows, re-tweets, shout-outs &amp; twitter love! gratitude &x263c; have a peaceful night &amp; joy-filled day! blessings &x263c; <3
&xab; this experiment in class had me n this other girl really close on eachother...the male peers wanted us to kiss negative&xbb; lmbo!
&xab; myboilingpointis when a person take you for granted, then when you moved on they wanna come back in the scene negative&xbb;
&xab; as i get older my patience runs thin and im only 22..... sad&xbb;
&xab; girls with blunts=sexy&xbb; negative
&xab; at the end of the day every nigga wanna fuck&xbb; negative.
&xab; i have soo many shoes but only wea three or two pair frfr.lol sad&xbb;
&xab;  really think she cute. negative&xbb; stfu.
&xab; but you are tho this nigga  think im ballin&xbb;+ negative
&xab; i fucked yo bitch lol.. now can u say the same thang to me.. negative&xbb;
&xab;there is joy in laughter follow 
&xe105;&xe011; me happy ifollowback followandlike instagram smile  
&xe105;&xe32d; me ifollowback instagram followandlike smile happy girl 
&xe41f; remotherfuckingtweet!  niggas in atlanta .. fail.. niggas in atlanta negative!
&amp; i'll be up all night. joy :)
&amp; i'm still trying to tweet!! sad :(
&amp; oomf prolly thinks i forgot their bday! negative
&amp; since i was absent today, i missed my history h test and physics h test, shit! two of my blah classes ;/ joy :)
&amp; the heat lose  :)
&amp; this fool gone litterally tell sye he think he obsessed w/me!! smh sad
&amp; we made everything right before bed happy :)
&amp; you still haven't told me the truth..... disappointed
&amp;&amp; i defintly aint about fuck no nigga for shit negative :@
&amp;&amp; i just got reminded sad :(
&amp;i know right we never see eachotherd: :(
&amp;this time for real :(
 people who try to fit you into their schedule ... negative
 when your instagram won't refresh... depressed 
 waiting a long time for him to text back, and then your phone finally goes off, just for it to not be him . disappointed
the feeling you get when your team ties the game with 14 seconds to go in regulation only to lose in overtime phxchi sad
nosey at tymesz !! sad !!
------- this guy don't have to work tomorrow.. excited
/3 depressed
===== solo dolo  happy &amp; tired.
' somebody really just played on my phone talmbout do i talk to dwain they gone beat my ass lml negative (:
'coming up: teenage popstar  performs live' eeek hurry up fangirling excited
'give as good as you get' positive :)
'happy is the person who can laugh at himself. he will never cease to be amused.' - bourguiba, apparently. joy :@
'i've seen you. i've heard you. you matter'. amen to that,  lifeclass joy
'pretty woman' in bed it is! i am going to cry as i know i will probably never get a guy like richard gee. deep hatethat depressed :@
'shift, a guidebook to positive thinking' could be just whats needed to regain focus and direction in your life. 
'woven purses' unfollowed me.... damnit depressed 8-(
'yoga has the power to heal'  healing joy happiness yoga heal stress fitness growth personal-development
 versagram thursday awake positive &x2600;  
 versagram weightloss joy life love  
hope you notice me. nah can't happen. negative haaay.
 people really do take me for granted....smh disappointed
*oomf&x201c; i just want to take me on a date and atleast pretend that he likes me for atleast 10 mins thestruggle depressed&x201d;
*crosses fingers &amp; toes for tomorrow* super productive potentially!! early night to prepare... motivated ambitious positive :)
*free shipping* lovepeacejoy earrings with floral graphic back :)
*sigh* depressed 8-(
*sighs* i guess ill go to bed since no one is talking to me. goodnight. sad and offline :@
*snowman hug*&x26c4; life smile positive happy worklife  
*trust doing my part,letting go of what i can't control,trus god completely.no worries. positive thesis
++++++++++++++++++++++ positive energy +++++++++++++++ teamchaosusa 1 wewillnotlose winningisouronlyoption :)
, my birthday was whack ! thtts sad :(
- blockedndeleted from my life, once again happy :)
- btcs ain't got no type of respect for they self sad. :@
- marketwatch  :@
- she ruined our lives, and now your bestfriends with her.. disappointed stupidbitch
- some people will just believe any and everything. sad.
- this tryna flirt wit my mom negative lol
- wish i wasnt in macomb riqht now... depressed 8-(
-- cannot wait to see the lucky one when it comes out (:  8-(
---psalms 16: 11
------ ------- think he got somebody in check negative lol  
--beyond scared straight don't even come on anymore disappointed 8-(
-.- negative yolo lol &x201c; i'm so cool.. here's a picture of my illegal drugs.. *insert twitpic* -.-&x201d;
-_- do u even know what shes talking about!!! such a prick! negative! will twin be back by the summer
-_- hahah
-____- negative lol &xab;  o well then im glad u got blaxk then lol red is a terrible color for a pair of chuxks&xbb;
-allll clean &amp;healthy though!  tested negative! 
-fannypack- is back in abdc!!!!!! excited  :D
-get to see my boyfriend tomorrow!!!!  i'm excited :) :D
-its been a pretty chill day though. cant complain. - positive :)
-kiss me in the dark, hold me through the night. hold me like you'll never let me go:) happy :@
-unknown :@
-we geeked , so you really think we finna share our candy          negative
.  new hair products :) only a true waver understands how im feeling right now excited
.. why the stanky leg just come on trey songz radio  .. negative *hits skip button
..happy summer...thought i c ant take the risk of the weather
...  enterprising trendy fun hardworking positive fashionable motivated need apply 
... andy and erin's shirts indicate a stopover in savannah.  not realistic. disappointed lovesgeography
... i knew that'd be the ending. imsorry disappointed
... just wen i'm about to get better, i feel depressed again...sad 8-(
.... &xe108; 
.....disappointed.
....... sad :(
...............wa........oh wow... :(
.......anybody can fuck all day every day lol silly rabbit u thought u had somethin special sad :(
....ok i officially declare myself as depressed now!! blamethestupidhospital 8-(
....so girls loving my hair and askin if they can have it -.- negative
....woke at 4am to the sound of, nothing. joy :)
...i mean think of hurt feelings thru the ages since juvenal, due2 rude satire. least we can do is ban the negative stuff from school. :@
...literally no words right now. beyondangry disappointed :@
..then if you want, share your joy :)
..thinking way too much. idk what to do anymore  depressed 8-(
. bravo to joy-ann reid. that woman must work 28 hours a day!  :)  trayvon&xa0;rt  mt 
.i will teach you hw to bop, for apples lol..
.so confuseddd.! sad :(
1 month until my 21st birthday!  excited :D
1 more sleep !!!! happy hopeyouareashappyasme :)
1 on 1's w/ my ra's  today instalovephoto joy 
1 week till florida excited :D
1,226 tweeps aint following me back! mean sad... pls can y'all follow back... hope :D
1,227 tweeps aint following me back! mean sad... pls can y'all follow back... :D
1/1 on the lucky15 so far positive :)
10 more days till my best friend's birthday, actually besttttt friend! there is no fun here without him! excited :@
1000th tweet, major accomplishment yay happy :)
106.1 is letting me down right now disappointed :(
10billion things are rushing through my mind right now &amp;&amp; i have no idea what to do!!!!! :'/ frustrated sad mindfucked :@
110% depressed stepped on my og purple sun glasses and they broke)': devistated 8-(
12 hours til coachella fest!!! i am so excited see you all there :) :D
13 days til my birthday! almostlegal excited :D
13 days till the nfl draft!! excited steelersnation :D
15 days to go until aaae national conference in  and i'll be flying  excited networking
15 free ebooks on mastering a positive lifestyle         :D
16 hours till gametime!! excited :D
16 more dayys till worlds!!!  excited  :D
18 days left excited :D
18 freaking corrections!! really schif!! disappointed writtenandoralisgay
1800th tweet goes to&x2026; no one.!! disappointed again&x2026; nothing new tho.!! :@
19days till cheer tryouts! ahhh ! like 32 days of school left. tomro school then rest of the day with  hopefully <3
2 rockets behind him 
2 1/2 hour conference w/ my loves :-) happy :)
2 days nalng.. excited!
2 full days left. depressed 
2 historias - joy  &amp; akapellah :)
2 hour 4-h meeting later.. joy :)
2 hour practice joy :)
2 minutes sketching! me draw paper program in ipad my cousin's yay happy doggy omo inu water  
2 of my friends have seen the love of my life this past week and i've had no such luck :( depressed whyme babycomeback :) :@
2 times this week ive told camryn she needs cymbalta to her tweets. depressed  8-(
2 v 2's &amp; 3 v 3 ssgs encouraging a positive touch, head up, dribbling at pace, tricks &amp; megs score an extra goal. boys enjoyed it positive :)
2 weeks until i go to france joy :)
2.  if yu are 18 years of age, or older &amp; do not own a state id for any reason other than yu lost it... sad!!
2012 just isn't my year so far sad :(
21 jump street is the best movie in the world u will laugh ur ass off positive :)
22 negative lol
22nd birthday is comin up..... excited :D
2nd degree burn &amp; set off the fire alarm. i'm never cooking again depressed :@
2nd game for the canucks tomorrow at 7pm against la kings! who's ready nhlplayoffs canucks excited :D
2nite feels like the loneliest of nites.. sad tweet :(
3  games in 7 days. i love my life. 3 :) happy <3
3 good things: 1. spending time w family 2. baby bunnies and 3. being able to close the curtains and shut out the pervy neighbours! joy :)
3 more daaays excited :D
3 more hours joy :)
3 things i would kill for right now... 1. a glass of wine 2. milk and oreos 3. bed disappointed  bummedout
3 weeks from today back ta nj 
3/4 full. happy :,,,,,,,,,,,,) :)
30 mins.!! have my red bull in hand hyper happy :)
322 is back  2am chickflicktime happy
33 animals who are extremely disappointed in you photos fotos animales - 
36 hours till surgery joy :)
3am &amp; i'm up, no surprise. lifeofanewsister lol joy :@
4 days for the premiere of the video of  boyfriend excited!(:
4 days! crunch time! i must finish everything before work tomorrow! pumped stoked excited anxious ready notready webster adiostc 8-(
4 hours later and i have 2.5 pages done... at this rate i'll be spending 12 more hours on this paper. joy betterthannothing :)
4 hours of sleep and taking a mid term i forgot this morning joy :)
4 inches off ): depressed... i just wanted a trim 
4/7/123(:
46-31 at half from two of the best teams in the nba disappointed :)
5 foods that bust a bad mood - eat your way to a happy day  with these foods that...  :)
6 active visitors on site happy! :d
6 days till my birthday! excited :D
6 hour flight coming up..... excited :D
6 more days tvd excited :D
66 followers ! creepy / happy :)
6am alarm clock set joy :)
6am weights. negative
7 episodes behind on this season of family guy depressed unacceptable 8-(
7 hours until my baby comes home excited :D
7 mbps download 512 kbps upload, now i have internetspeed  joy 
7 thousand students drop out everyday thats one every 26 seconds. keep your head in school! positive :)
7 years tomorrow. cantbelieveit sad :(
8 days na lang :))) excited 
8 hrs of pure accounting fun joy :)
8 lbs down and i feel great!!!! excited :( :D
8 months with  happy
8 more hours and then i can spend the whole weekend with my dissertation! joy :)
8% battery joy :)
8weeks away till i meet the joy of my life cattleya ma'siyah punch too happy :)
9 tylenol later, i still have a headache. joy :)
90 percent of pop for rain tomorrow excited :D
96 on a myth paper!! happy bestnewsoftheday :)
96-86.. disappointed :(
9:55 flight still boarding.. indigo is losing its usp except for punctuality it has nothin to offer.. disappointed
9am training on this new phone system. joy -_- :)
:( depressed tonight....... work tomorrow 3-9. 8-(
8-(
:) happy :)
:) beautiful morning windy gloomy rainy weather ... totally lovestruck
:/
:: a best friend tonight, an open road tomorrow, and my family tomorrow night! blessed excited :) :D
:d loving life positive :)
; jay park why you no come to vancouver wae disappointed :@
 omg so i have a nephew on the way! yay i'm going to be a tete excited&xa0; :O
@ every black family bbq its always one drunk aunt/uncle dat piss on dey self!!! sad :(
@ tgif with aris and jane happy celebration 
@ work, going to be a busy day today at joy :)
 no way!!!!!! wow....i wanna go kill myself now....none of them follow me . cool.... depressed :@
 wow thanks for that based knowledge! tybg positive <3
 can't wait till your here for the wedding! excited err day we shuffling &x2764;
 
  negative hate puking :@
 that is absolutely not acceptable!!!! disappointed
  teambrandy teammonica starz doves brandy new single is called putitdown omg dying from anticipation  excited :O
 the only issue i had with the negative person's communication was frustration. i was avid to listen to her.
 hey chance haven't tweeted you in a while depressed
 you're so right depressed :( i gotta work though! boooo are ganna have my little bf tmrw or later
 negative scorpios runnin shit
 disappointed!
 ewwwww i saw that one! sad
 negative ive been a little loopy.
 negative. he's not my type. plus i don't do bm drama. plus he did some thangs with the person that..
 lol i guess that worked!! yay excited
 negative i look lyk paul my daddy lol
 smh..today was national help your sister with homework day..disappointed
  that's what i'm talking about ahooo positive mental candoattitude
 negative on the cheetah pjs...smh
 you know my last untagged tweet was for you, stop it! depressed
 :) i'm soo sad .. depressed. i try to act all cool but i'm not. :(
  lupus is no joke...diagnosed 8 years almost died several times... notfunny sad prayingforyou :/ :@
 ik kev...really upset mee.. feeling kind of gloomy   that's my gloomy face...if you didn't know :(
  positive thinkin , , but negative ! :)
 -_____________________- i'm disappointed !! he is just scared , he loves you i know that much ! y'all will reunite ! 8-(
 kmsl......you did it to yourself sad
 ugh all 8 of them depressed
 like shit! lls. like...smhhh. joy <3
 lol i definately told you that joy
 leaving the 301 tomorrow depressed
  pwease! depressed, i asked for the day off and they didn't give it to me :(
 true. girls like that bullshit but  women... negative we like men that stay in their place <3 <3
 lmfao , that big ride was a fucking howler for how big it was disappointed overpriced
 i was about to say!! lol disappointed
 lol negative we will both pass up on that offer.
 &amp;&amp;  i talked to monique yesterday ..just know i'm coming to atlanta reallll sooooon!!!!  excited
  yes she is she's mybaby and she makes me happy plus she does this thing.........when she plays wit diva
   jk i'm in matt's group joy
 i went to the site and noticed that my mother was already signed in disappointed
 good! you don't talk to me anymore! disappointed
 i expected a lot more outta you disappointed
 i soooo am! come visit toledo before all your friends leave me :( depressed :)
    negative worked out, then baseball beat
 are you just going to be a no show tonight disappointed :@
 christmas.presents to be used, might find myself a date. take me out is calling. america better be a winner. lonely depressed
 woooo ! cant wait for the day to come. lovelife excited what are we drinking :p 
 and seeing  devote 10mins of their slot for this pathetic weeper sad  
    sleepover tomorow yesss:d 
 i missed you. let's love more often! happy reunited finally <3
 played soooo good today. proudgirlfriend happy &x2764; :)
 is my new twitter buddy (: happy!
 it upsets me that your a cubs fan disappointed :/
  suprabhat vandemataram happy baishaki
 you should be depressed
 to make it more gloomy iall of them!!!
 myy badddd bro ! ifeel depressed that's all (:
 nothing listening to depressed music ._.
 yeah i hate car insurance! and werd man i'm so sad depressed :@
 working hard still  amazes me that i see these guys in low and high a that can't hold your jock, still getting starts  sad
 hahahahahah; i can't believ she threw away her solar powered calculator.... disappointed
 negative they shouldn't even sell thatttttt. lmao
 cuz im not drunk depressed tweet!! :'(
 i just tried searching it up i cant remember depressed  .. its cute but creepy xx
 :)) i actually followed him :)) tapos bigla ngaun sbi ng twitter the user does not exist naaa :(( sad lol
 we've had it im being negative
 lol somebody let the  out of the room sad
 played to  now on permanent loop in studio, plus singing.  also adding to next dj set. joy
 she hasn't tweeted back depressed
 don't you see it it's right in front of your face but you just pretend that it's not there disappointed then i began talkin
 hey i heard you were a wild oneee. can't believe your not going this weekend. disappointed imalone
 i haven't had a rolo yoghurt since you left. depressed
 ha but the sad thing is she thinks she is cute...negative :(
  integrated shirt isn't good enough for you allie disappointed :)
 hats off to u as a tamil new year gift u hve won the match for us :-):-) happy &xae; cheers :-)
 i just realized that cato won't be in catching fire... heartbroken depressed
 still hasn't followed me...wahhhh&xe411;&xe411;&xe411; depressed
 sorry babe . ill see you forsure tomorrow 8-(
 clearly don't want to be home... killing time before a family barbeque. joy
 i loved aaron johnson in that too. he was fucking sexy until he knocked up that old hag and now looks rough as hell. depressed :D
 so many better pictures you could've used of my husband disappointed
 we didn't even take shots disappointed
 hahhahaha do we ever wear pants negative
  really no turtle neck in the pants comments from anyone disappointed :@
   
 my bad so late lol but in cool i got the wires off yesterday girl happy lol thanks for asking <3
 option one: study. option two: go to sleep. option three: watch footloose. footlooseforthewin yaaay excited
 duhhhh soforgetful disappointed lol and um yes i definitely agree genius
 i'm going to miss you tomorrrrroooowww. depressed sadsadsad
 noooo, i didn't get mine! depressed... /: dammit
 i want pita but my moms too tired to make it sooo looks like if i'm gonna eat some i've gotta make it depressed  <3
 lol i know right i will be disappointed
 i've been dying to see this ever since you told me!! excited
 i know!! depressed
 yessss lml excited
 i was gonna say i'll repeat the year, but that's right i forgot about the racism that runs in your family disappointed
 aw man! really! disappointed
 what period, 2nd omg i wish it was on my darn tv depressed :O
 i'm coming to stotes!! getready excited
 excited as long as america votes for the best! jessica and joshua should not have been in the bottom disappointed thesave
 awhh thank you (: i think my talent might be blogging... sad <3
 i'm down &amp; whenever but i'm not even down to ditch anymore -.- sad i know haha. nurse passes for days tho :(
 i was hoping it'd be in prospect haha disappointed
 and here i thought you were a saguaro not a redneck smh disappointed
 keep your head up!! positive
 
 ahhh :) i can't waaaiiiittt !!! and please hurry back.. my soul has shed a few tears for you.. so has my laughter region sad
 the game doesn't cooperate..  disappointed
 negative that isn't my girl
 don't usually like word 'forget'..but/and love it in this context! thanks for sharing! so much we can..  joy! <3<3
 he didn't give me a ticket because i knew it was bullshit and so did he. he wanted to see if i was drunk. that's a negative
 who am i going to abuse without you sad
 cheers for the invite! abandoned leftout uninvited depressed wolfpack mightjustgokillmyself
  i just hate life right now really sadtweet depressed :@
 restore true freedom &amp; individual liberty in america. legalize drugs and end the trillion dollar failure called the drugwar. sad tlot :D
 same here and i have an exam tomorrow sad
 just for them  disappointed
 you obviously get a pass from me because youre amazing and make me happy
  so glad you're in that class!!! excited
 negative i don't even party no more... my life is ova :@
 wade nice too. it's his team. somebody need to do something because it's not looking good. heatoverbulls disappointed
 maybe one day you'll see me positive
 maybe one day you'll see me positive  :{)
 maybe one day you'll see me positive  ;)
 maybe one day you'll see me positive &x2665;
 maybe one day you'll see me positive xx
 wishing i was there depressed
  punishment positive  ufc's greatest champ! legion of doom !
 story lah, apa diaaa excited
 and that how life gos man sad
 yeah buddyyy! emeraldcup is right around the corner! letsdothis excited npc bikini competitor 
  just spent the last hour or so researching titanic facts and crying at the songs depressed sad
 yeah, everything will be fine. positive
  maybe not babe! we must be positive!
 negative that won't be until next month i'm trying to find a day job where i can have a night life
 negative not til oct. or one of us are in a real relationship lmao
 but.... then you could get a pet platypus. and rename stanley-cat doofenshmirtz!! disappointed
 just told me that she'll help overcome my fear of changing diapers by her changing her son's...that will be a negative
 to bad u live in comfort..... disappointed :D
 cause everyone and anyone, will cut you up and spit you out. just to get what they want. but if you're positive, its good :)
 thrilled to meet you and looking forward to reading your tweets. peace joy to you.
 me either now im  depressed/:
 what youuu doing im bored &amp; depressed
 sad lonely :(
 evertons in liverpool.. lets hopee that they let their fellow scousers win the game for me :) so i can go otherwise. depressed
 a person who think she better than the next because she don't have kids negative
 didn't text me and see how my day went!!! ole big headed---ugh!! disappointed
  leo is rolling around on the floor indoors at the moment - wagging his tail lol love and joy
 dear austin,i know your music will be great!! can't wait to hear it!! excited :d &amp; what time is it in miami(:
 is loolin swaggy in the studio newmusic excited
 because i gotta make a new one. sad
 yay your a good time i miss u sad tweet :)
 negative ain't even home
 yes very true positive
 gow! excited lol
 ha letting me down maan. but i guess disappointed :(
 think she just gon tell me to have the door open for her negative
 definitely*..grandma's, sister's, dad's everywhere feel me lol*. love is beautiful. joy :^)
 know these  7 customer service mistakes that can get you negative/neutral feedback  in  ebay business 
 i knowww :/ disappointed
 it said bad url disappointed
 and your sucha man! you will never tell twitter who ya man is sad! :@
 say what you want on here. i know what you say to me. like i said, sober up. get with it. no one wants to see you like this. sad :@
 just blew my whole day doe i'm gone to sleep off her smh sad
 must be an erie feeling over there. sad
 lol , all those kids in the lunchroom , &amp; you decided to come to me for food..negative
 negative i shall pick out everything....he lucky i like him cuz he can go with you ....i approve <3
   i would if i had ur num 
 fuck my life. depressed
 can't wait for jersey! holy shit. betches be excited :)
 out of all my potentially damaging tweets, you picked this one disappointed
 pull your shit together bob disappointed
 im going to get that awesome survival knife of urs today the 1 w/ the sharpener in the sheath. excited whensnewseasonstart :D
 ty4fllw and giving back! keep engaging all your brain-your art &amp; etsy community can boost brains &amp; joy! 
 depressed chocolate movie night tomorrow 
 down south is where the lush sunny weather is dark and gloomy here :(
 you put happy so i put nice cause i'm happy for you dur :)
 yup, haha, don't forget about mollie!! the 'o' in joy
   oh yea!!!! ready for the work day to be over tomorrow! excited :O
 they dnt know no better sad :@
 i think we all expected a red wine bottle!!!! disappointed!! :)
 takes skills/morons depressed
 we thought better of you disappointed
 disappointed :(
 that's all i wanted to hear happy
 shortest date of my life disappointed
 negative....itz not impossible
 :) no problem! gotta support our girls softball!! :) depressed cuz it was pritty much the whole week! :@
 yeah i forgot it was on depressed
 they should have had chris brown cameo... that would of been pure heaven! he is beautiful. depressed
 ano :( depressed right i'm off to sleeep adiosss x
 tonight!!!! excited
  got 15-6, nothing special like thug or anything. sad <3
 you quit our game on draw something :( sad
 thank you for the advice you just changed my life positive <3
 riiiiiight. i said bitch i pay taxes, therefore i do what the fuck i want. then she said i had to be over 30 negative
 yo! what's the dilly for saturday my man excited for getting clubs re gripped also yes positive :D
 i didn't hear you! sad
 never got my cookies disappointed :@
 i saw it! sad
 i guess... depressed needtowatchdowntonabbey
 one of the panel had u picked to score the winner in ot. how the hell you do that from the press box. sad banana
  remember that salt and pepper stuff we got out west... ya well it made its way to the island disappointed
  lol negative my lil drunken mate!!!
 i was just trying to be positive. but that still sucks :-/
 why do you have to be in colorado june 21 i just have to leave for italy that day;) sad
 you okey... stay positive zhane:)
 i love this !!! wordsofencoragement  positive <3
 is that spanish i just lost a lot of respect for you... your like a white crayon now...  disappointed <3 <3
   damn thought i would be the lucky one depressed
 is my best friend but he is busy. naptime sad :)
   i kno hes not playin well smh disappointed
 hmph , tuhh your just mad cause you no im positive and your negative haha . :@
 and the bat signal on the other side in bright yellow, i love them already joy <3
 whatever happened to scrabble last night i was so ready bro disappointed
 negative that's even more reason not to lol
 yes huh!!! smh.. disappointed
 depressed haha i was gunna say i thought u had a g6! but u do
 - tehehe , youu winn thats a ==== negative ! i guess ima wait til the 17th !
 that was sad, cant believe i did that
 actually hurts , i force a laugh to make you think im okay with it ... depressed
   i knew you were going to do this. well i didn't know it was going to be this precious! excited
 just wait for spanish tomorrow... singing and dancing yayayay excited but im gonna fail the quiz ohwell dontcare
     excited cantwait
 woot! got it! happy
  condolences go out to his family. sad
   i walked out of the room disappointed
 i like you happy <3
 sorry that wonderful girl happy 8-(
 you can dooo itttt!  positive
   yeah!! can't wait for that match!! excited
 being behind a guy and yellin brett multiple times cause he has blonde hair and gauges then realizin,wrong person disappointed
 are you racist against refrigerators brett! disappointed
 thinks i should be a weather reporter maybeishould negative
 good you owe me 2 now disappointed notreallysinceillhave2 :)
 wishing i could get a tweet like you said you would do for me! depressed <3
 wtf jerk. i'm more important than those little kids /3 sad :O
 thats a big negative yall wack af yoo
 jo don isn't on twitter.. disappointed ):
 haha well i can't wait to see your cute face this weekend excited
 i dont care about none of that because at the end of the day ima be me regardless and time to gett back to the positive
 i have a set monday! im gunna try to bend a spoon with telekinesis and positive re-enforcement
 powerful, positive, portland ppp
 omg!!!!!!! that's where i plan on going too!excited goodtime
 probably, i just had a mediocre sub :( disappointed
 it's the weather! gloomy
  dinny u worry ur self tht is coming positive roger al be sorted awready wae them flossys11rupees 8-(
 nope getthepoint depressed justhowitis :(
 yes!! i fricken love you      haynes and kz!! 3 :) excited <3
  cuhz i just wanna grab those girls you like and put you guys together and make you all happy lovey ^_^ <3
 well...nevermind then disappointed
 looks like i am since you're not in highschool anymore! depressed <3
 the bulls won you happy now
 lol. its a sad story !!
 my talent is singing... but i will never get famous or somth....sad :@
 be happy ms.grumpy gills happy :)
 *at the end of the day* wearehuman what is much more important2 'me' right now is us as 'friends' keepin positive knowing and
 you can reply to my tweet but not my text lol disappointed
 been on the same paragraph since 4. disappointed
 thanks jess for the positive words. i shall keep thinking positive! <3 :)
 smh... sad! i know she's burning in hell
  wats goin on miami!!!!!! 
 i know huh. sad
 negative totallyfalse
  really funny guys disappointed
  and i miss our best friend   :)
 why u no follow me...just found out you followed my friend  thats 2 celebrities following her depressed x_x :@
  joy poeticpause we also need to thank jesus for making santorum drop out giving a chance to take back america. <3
   i already miss you and im pretty sure you are still in boston! america is not the same depressed
 tomorrow! i'm excited ;)
 in all seriousness i am depressed now
 how to you like timmy he beat your canucks, and he has horrible goalie sty. disappointed <3
 haha well no one tells me nothing anymore! disappointed :@
 will be here in two weeks excited
 dang straight, the money part is a negative
 twins think the same things! horny bored depressed happy sad inlove angry kittenheels
 yeah right!!! happy  hehehe
  slashwrist gloomy
  wish i could have saw that!!! sadly i live to far away :( sad :D
 she was bad. never could get that baby hair  around her hairline under control though sad :@
 let me down tonight don, even after we spoke!!  disappointed :(
 only a matter of time before you back in the usmnt man stay up pimp positive respect
 are you really quoting that stupid wrestling wonka disappointed.
 i wanted your tweets to be about drugs and hookers , disappointed
 hey what about me! sad
  negative boo boo...imma stop by wgen ii get off taycrib
 because i am a positive thinker!
 - i miss everything we used to do!! we had such a good time.... i'm missing having my bestie to cry with sad :)
 the new kit looks absolutely amazing. loving the golden stripes, am in for 1 already. its trending worldwide 2. joy cfckit cfc
 i was so excited to see you at practice tomorrow and tell you what happened but your not gonna be there. now i'm depressed :D
   what!! joy
 just saw this week's ep. disappointed!! survivor globalsurvivor
 alright ;) hit me up tomorrow and we can chill! it's been awhile since we have hung out :( disappointed
 i'm late... to a charity. damn. if that doesn't deserve ai don't know what does sad
 stop. i'm not in the mood. depressed
 sadly im not they replaced me chelsey! :( sad
 negative u shudn b 1 monkey!
 can i just say that the whole time i spent in the tech booth tonight i was thinking about how i was missing le comte ory. sad
 lmfao oh! &amp; you been ghost kid, smh disappointed.
 positive !
 you let me laugh :)  joy *&x2665;* xily. hello mr fuller :)
   not gonna lie, i'm kind of excited to see this! :)
 is sending me cupcakes sooo can't wait for them to get here excited 
 wow that's a surprise i really thought you were gonna finish all of it disappointed
 happy hour, every day senior year after i deal with those little brats... excited :)
 just thought i'd let you know my phone died and my charger is mia. :(
 congrats!! can't wait to work with you again next year!! excited
 be strengthened in the power of his might his joy your strength keep smiling frontlinesoldier love you!! bless you guys :) <3
 my mom wants to join ymca !! -___- negative
 ill beat yall scary ass with both hands behind my back. lmfao! you lonely af, you need someone to talk to. depressed! fuck you 8-(
 you left me here ... with wierd kids ... how could you depressed 
 unfortunately not :/ grannys months mind will be on. negative craic
 negative they wouldnt understand it
 2 days ago and everything was negative.  luv that kind of negativity...:)
 :) and still negative as i don't get much...catch22 lol
 your yolo didn't even get a like. disappointed
 omg can we take a picture together in a mirror doing duck face  omfg excited whencanwedoit :O
 there's a bunch of track meets in pierce this month that i'm going to! excited!
 ...do u know how awkward it woulda been if i went there hoping u be there and then get stood up disappointed notgood
 what happened to our mcdons date! :( sad
 no way!and its gonna get a lot worse before  it gets better, if it ever does. sad :@
 ... disappointed.
 when i saw that i thought of googie hisrealnameisgurgi disappointed 
 uh where the hell is my invite man!!! sad
 one day.. just not today depressed
 lmao you had it right the first time then negative
 i had a math quiz that i didn't know about til math class.... joy
 awwww feeling depressed when i havnt taken a photo with you... ;(
 how you doing mate heard you're having a mix tape. excited
 i love you but you dont love me! sad :( <3
 omg! i can't waaaaait! excited :)
 how do you know *sniff* i'm a fugly person negative xd
 nope. so disappointed
  sad rats nah
   woo-hoo! good luck all 'round! know  &amp; i cheer you all!  can. joy! :)
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 lmbo a disgrace tho negative bt that helps u sleep at night...*shrugs*
 lol sad
  never been more mad at the two of you disappointed so plz don't ever talk to me.. kk thx :@
 sadly i can't even go out... big soccer game on sunday morning in victoria... depressed
 haha i'm hungry. and i'm at the club  sad
 bruins all the way washington girl disappointed
 negative. its someone else
 we're never letting him cook again negative  :@
 preaching the word realtalk disappointed
 exploring building old haunted house hauntedhouse gloom gloomy a  @ letchworth village 
 i don't know how i let that happen... disappointed
 i know, all those radio concert in the ne, wish kimmel was fri, could've gone sad, hoping for more west coast tv 
  missed the yolo crew omg depressed!! but i know yayayay imsickof him!!!! :O
 i know! depressed
  shoulda beat his ass disappointed
  gettin this wig done.... i thought i was goin somewhere buuuuuttt...... negative
 lubbenizer2  - wow:) happy flyinhigh  
 tblackwood1  - finally happy   
 never been a fan of that and starting now... negative so you know i'm telling the truth :@
 just stay positive brotha.
  negative
 yeah eff you dairy queen disappointed
 wow. disappointed
 major issues. sad
  ok dont then negative im not arsed what we do up to you lot...
 i'm going to as much as i can. y'all are all like family to me we have all gotten so close this year. i hate saying bye sad :@
 least ya got
 wat situation and if u takin about war i'm thinkin negative
 haha your funny no i don't disappointed :@
 making and breaking promises disappointed
 is very mad at mii brudda for not calling me back. disappointed.
 you shot at 89.69%... disappointed
  meant to be! gosh bringing back memories of florida! depressed takemeback
 guy fawkes born 13 april 1570
 we could be going to tuscaloosa tomorow &amp; seeing luke bryan but nooo. ftheact depressed 
 clearly he's on some type of drugs.ya cnt go arnd killing cause you feel like it. no matter what race!! sad :@
 mannnnn all i got was a what lol disappointed
 i thought they was fenna throw hands .. negative ! but li man did hold his own ill say that .
 birthday &amp; sweet 16, friday the 13th, and national kiss day tomorrow! its gonna be a crazy day! excited
 amen again sostressful disappointed 
 haha more like sucks all the time everyday disappointed <3
 is coming to cleveland sunday!! yeeaa buddy excited
 hey my roommates gem clear bong still stands. can't wait to see you next year man! excited badgerfootball2012
 a bitch coulda went to the clinic.not throw by me and  desk.disappointed
 what's the outcome mate positive
 those little boys sad
 ooohhhh no sir... negative not me...someone just asked me if i knew you and referred to u by that name of course im like, idk :@
 -____- negative lol
 you've turned into one of those kids that hash tags everything known. disappointed
 people care... stop being so pessimistic and negative !
   happy followfriday dave :)
 me either excited
 negative buuuut get ya ass on skypeee
 t minus 12 hrs till the greatest day of your weekend happens.  u get 2 c me! muahaha :~d  excited
 come join us.  disappointed 
 seriously you picked the shitty russian disappointed
  it wasn't his first time! speechless disappointed astonished no longer on teamhetero :@
 aww so cute.... happy birthdayinadvance... heheh  :O
 55% of fans who voted in my poll think we will stay up. fans are still with you. positive survival coyos
 brothers blood tears joy crunk bff yl family 
 lol whoo positive
  are rushing to get dressed to drive to taco bell like they are about to close fatasses they are excited lol! <3
 thinks she worked out harder than me!!! haha negative
 -______- negative
 lmao omg..you're my cousin and we're gay negative
 i was exited to see you... but guess what, i didn't.... sad
 oh darn. i'm trying out this year. we coulda played together. disappointed :O
  well aren't we some cute ass bitches  negative 
 lol we tweet everyday and u don't know what my username is!!-.-
 ryt an yal wntd me ta stai...negative
  haha still can't see emojis depressed
 been to morgans twice in the past week with u promotin it..and have yet to c u there! disappointed lls u been mia
 what u are feeling happy
  beautiful pic on u two.. 3 happy
 i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement
 couldn't be any better than that!! some people will never understand that though! sad :@
 it's also been too long that i have not taken a dump at your house depressed
  warinthon joy thanx for visit bandung lads!! meet you again next time !!!
 excuses excuses i'm disappointed in youu... :(
       negative . sam &amp; kiara can't get in
 will do!! make sure you stay relaxed&amp; positive!
 straightened omg i was so happy whn she finished lol :O
 yeah its a pity im a positive person and i believe there is provedwrong maybe
 the only thing i don't understand is why your twitter name isn't dorphinagussss or something of the sorts. disappointed
 not me then - i'm running on pure positive energy
 lol wtf then that dnt count u not even watchin the game disappointed :O
 i am, craig.  joy! always. how about you
 you better.lol jk i will have no one to laugh with sunday..depressed :@
 negative i'm lazy can't handle it lol
 this is gonna be an awesome night. joy :D
 i'll let you know sarah but it doesn't feel too great. depressed midlifecrisis
 gotta watch out for my boi  tryin bring sand to the beach negative
  that makes me so happy
 can't wait till the new season!! excited
  thanks for planting in ourgarden. joy! <3
 you announce competion after that you don't care to announce the winners sad
   cant wait to see you open up tonight johnny! ill be there at the 7.30 show! excited! say hi 2 1d
 i understand  but i'm going to sleep so text me tomorrow okay! dontforget and whatever's going on remember to be happy 
  i dont know bro im hearin that you guys couldn't bring the squirrel back tonight smh disappointed
 are you kidding me...i will when i get my phone back tomorrow. btw, you owe me a video excited
 i love the ignorance if negative tweet. so if i loose connection in fifa i get a loose no matter what. brilliant bs :@
 wow, so we just.had this convo for u to stay the same way disappointed lml
 my birthdays late may, we can share a hangover and get aggressive joy
 bloody hell haha! makes my life seem proper boring depressed
  you went to my school and didn't come get me!!!!! disappointed thoughtyouweremyfriends
 thank you! i've picked myself up from serious negativity &amp; now love to share how to be positive :) thanks for the rt! <3<3
  lots of love &amp; hugs &amp; wisdom out there! yay! be sure you make time to hug you today! :)  joy! <3
 i feel loved right now ignored depressed
 
  haha it is tomorrow! my stupid mom made me believe that it was today. i texted coleen and everything.. disappointed
 lol....negative 
 why are you so bad at lacrossesad
 i will positive
 negative... im old school comp
 no fuckin way so did i ahhhh excited :@
 i will be near there. :) so.. i can take care of traffic. :) excited
 i was expecting his shirt to be off b/c of the sobuff tag. disappointed
 no wine, no beer, no buzz...no fun... sad days... :@
 it's just reminded me of how shit my life is wooooo just wanna get drunk depressed
 do u ever tweet about something happy jeeeez negative nancy over here :)
  shit. i'm going to be hearing about this for a while then.. joy
 guhhh bring ya camera tomorrow! we gonna take some suuuurious pictures!! excited cantwait
 saywhaaaaaaaaaat negative.
   kei great! i'll fetch you guys in up by 5.15pm aryt :d excited
  wtf i favorited that tweet disappointed :O
 omfg you never made me them :( depressed :@
  screw him. depressed
 oooh me tooo! excited
 you need to come home!!! depressed &xe413;
 positive twitter 3 for 3 on my pools ticket. last night for day 1. stay tuned for day 2.
 'how to make yourself indispensable in the work place'  excerpt tells how not to do it! disappointed
  i'm just excited you know. :
 heard a rumour that because the night is not on the gloomy playlist. discuss...
 disappointed 1directionwankers
 good luck positive energy :)
 negative i'm talkin about the lil creatures on alcatrez all alone in the atlantic-gombeys be thy name
 i feel that.. but u gotta keep positive and excited cause when it happens it's gonna be amazing :)
 you're dead. disappointed upset crying okaywhenandwheretosurd youraguy allthesehashtags
  sad i'll visit soon!
 and then some. getting thoroughly beat by qpr. live on tv. joy :D
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement . &amp;&amp; i am bringing change
 lmao.. that's a negative
 weather change update. raining and cold. thanks for keepin me on mind positive <3
 i'll make your bitch ass wish you never had a fuckimg twitter off to pt excited notreally sarcasm frankie'sgay :@
  negative attitude not appreciated
 i have a business proposal for you. we should skype tomorrow if you're interested. :-) excited
 i tweeted you&amp;you didn't tweet me back :( depressed but i still love ya'll, your music&amp;whatchu stand for unconditionally3 <3
 i'm sure you'll fine mate aha think positive
 wud up my dude! heard sum positive words bout ya brotha, juss showin sum luv from canada! nostic spreadtheword
 if you was in my town id spit on you for making me wait cuss i wanted to hear this disappointed
 i'm watching eastbound and down for the first time! excited :(
 u knw my status wasnt about u though lolz just about them ugly niggas who think they got it....negative lols
 i can't right now.. i have to do some chores joy
 oh you silly!! well i won't be back til 10 anyway as i've got rehearsals joy :O
 i like the sound of that positive movements <3
 positive why because there's no other way 2 fly! :@
 positive!!!      
 positive...because i know god allways got my back!
 ssshhhhh you, i'm a rayofsunshine and joy meeee :)
 i think media headlines like this one leave something to be said about class. negative backtheblue andgreen <3
 happy brithday
  my triplet jeans no longer fit. depressed :@
 so now i can't retweet you depressed
 that's good!!!! happy snoopy'shome :):):)
 pleassse send me a picture :-) i still want yours :( wahh depressed
  .... carl leave my big head baby alone... he's not feeling well so he can get all the attention he needs &amp; wants positive
 disappointed!!!!!
 and then carson had that drop...
 somebody retweeted yo fuck ass positive
 uhm negative.. i only mess wit squeaky clean.. dats all you homie
 thank you fam gratitude bliss joy peace tru sweet <3
 someone on my campus looked like you and i got excited and almost screamed your name, then i realized i wasn't in iowa sad <3 :D
  sorry grace negative i am at home brainstorming! hanginthere 8-(
 see you tomorrow!!! excited tweet &x2764;
 empty threats again. keep it up sheldon. disappointed
 haha sweet mate!! i'll hold on to ya! and your my first footy player to retweet me .. thanks excited <3
 who said that! i think it will be funny :) i'll be there so don't disappoint! excited
 much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 lol i choose sleep instead waybetter and i'm pretty much the same as you! gotta get the work done! i never have fun lol sad :@
 yeahh i can! whoop whoop excited &xe00e;&xe32d;
   where were you today i was waiting to show you how to throw... disappointed
 hahhaha we never got to tan and talk about prom in the mountains disappointed :@
 hey hun, thanks, i've been in consulation for two weeks already it's just the rest of the business going into it today joy
 haha i thought you were going to sing the formula disappointed
 disappointed it only started last night, show on till the 21st, ticket only r60
 sir dnt take away my joy
 yay!!!!! happy excited
 where were you tonight! disappointed
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 1 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 10 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 2 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 3 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 4 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 5 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 7 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 8 <3
 have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 9 <3
 im in the crowd , waiting for you to come on stage excited x
 you know you are setting yourself up for lots of i bet you taste yummy tweets... haha. see you in 1 week in nz! excited
 can you say fiyah lol!  hype excited
 there is no reason to be a target ho at such a young age.....she seems so nice. disappointed tweet :@
 i got so excited disappointed :D
  we gunna be looking hot for the dance tomorrow! cantwait excited &x270c;
 :( determined to make u feel better happy
 exactly it was my favourite thing ever :( ah well they have them in dundee and it was only &xa3;4 could have been worse positive
 i didn't see you at my game...wtf. disappointed
 hate when ppl do stuff they're not supposed to do like drinking!! disappointed  disgusting :@
  negative. i'm i'll next week
 i didnt see them, i would've bought like 5!!! iwantonesobadnow disappointed <3
 
 smh lol disappointed
 what the f disappointed
 why haven't i met  in real life yet depressed needmorejuan
   see you guys. excited :)
 girly, i know how you feel :( notfun sad
 u should meet sandra - i bet you would like her. i bet u two would relate to each other disappointed <3
 lmfao joy theyresgoodpeopleish&amp;thenbadpeople longhashtag ohwell hihomescout
 that's how you feel.. depressed 
       much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 like haven't seen you since last vball tourny sad and yes sounds likes a good idea :) excited <3 :)
       maybe in summer!!!! flying ova here! excited
 can't tune in if you're from ireland :'( disappointed sadtimes
 rapping the sound track to my life right now joy&amp;misery
 negative. he prolly fucked all yo bitches tho.
 i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 damn straight. excited haydens first kiss 3
 i can't believe i have less than a month left of school... where did time go i remember my first day of freshman year. happy :)
 i will!! hector and his roommate will be in town too :d excited lol fiesta2012
 heck yea and ppl stay asking me do i have on contacts ummm negative
 aww come on!! wat if ur convo can mk them rich mind body n soul... it culd b a positive or negative outcome... visavera :O
 yea that guy is crazy . he broke ur heart huh .sad
 dude they had it! disappointed stophatin
 i know sad
 no nina drobev tonight :(  depressed :@
 lol. it better be!  and then road trip in the summer! aghhhhh! excited again
  chris take that shit off lmao sad
 same for us!!!!!!!!! so were going all out! i'm really excited :)
 lol alright sounds like a plan excited classic <3
 ok yu clarified it...im definitely going now :) excited
 ctfu... man we better stop before we get our asses kicked...blahahahah... negative
 me too! i have all the dvds but its forever gone bestshowever sad
 &amp; i had a bad ass convo. yesterday night! :) blessed strong positive ... let make this bigger than everyone thinks! :)
 how you chill with drake negative nostain
 rcb is the winner of ipl5 happy
 hoes  negative and u gone get tatted 
 lol negative i only went there for a semester :)
 lol negative.
 &amp; i thought was such a good guy.. disappointed :)
 look on the bright side, you could spend tomorrow night by yourself, just sitting there. no book. positive :@
 i so wish you was coming with us, i miss my girl &amp; it's gonna be weird without you this weekend ridetodie sad
 thanks for following me  :) happy <3
 plus, she lied to me...sooo negative
 -- negative
 lol sa wara, by then tlebe ole his fiance positive
 thanks! you too! :^d joy
 has become  with filters. sad instagram
 lmao stop playing with me. i'm more then sure! positive
 that i want to suck your finger negative
 we have a game tomorrow in jackson against north side that's when he is going to pick it up excited!
 omfg no sabia aw mi budget ta medio empty si no me llego sad :@
 can we actually fix insomnia  i've been trying for weeks .... this like my 3/4 th week already  depressed <3
 i don't like it.. i want cold and rain.. that's my weather gloomy <3
 stay based stay positive - lil b
 i can't believe u ll refer to people in dat way disappointed
 negative! compliments of chicken helper fool...lol
      freakin evan met my roommate before me sad
 hecks yeah. girl, i could've cried low-key! disappointed
 i can't use my phone tho lls sad
 rotfkmsl but son she got a lil scrap we gon have to jump ha kmfsl sad
 lmao if only negative
 see you tomorrow ate ma :) namiss kita eh :) one month na tyong di nagkita.. love you always ;) mwah! excited <3
  hahaha! langya ka myk! lol slashwrist gloomy
 my happy moment will be wen u follow back :)
 told me i have to go see her......' negative
 only 14 more hours till i see you(: countdown excited
 i didnt go running sadtweet disappointed sorry coach 8-(
 today i got my first follower in a week hahaha :( sad life firstworldpains instafamous not
 yeah,he was head of all angels &amp; threw it all alway sad read ephesians 6:11-12&amp; luke !!:14-18 and this explains his power
 yeah,he was head of all angels &amp; threw it all alway sad read ephesians 6:11-12&amp; luke 11:14-18 and this explains his power
 i would like to grow a bonsai tree... disappointed <3
  yes, i know. happy
 the cake batter at culver's almost made be puke. disappointed
 great this video makes me wanna get a girlfriend now. depressed. hahaa but i can see how this made you nostalgic. home.
 got a lot coming this year!! excited
 haha your ass hurts too yea i'm behind 3 acts joy
 don't let negative energy get to you.... remainpositive and show them.. :)
 oregon jesus christ... that totally sucks! i haven't even met rayne!!!!!!!!! disappointed
 beat me in the 10 flight hurdles for the first time this year disappointed
    i guess i'm still a reject.. depressed
 pleaseandthankyou shotsandladders swedish berries excited!
 haha i found so many pictures on my phone cause my computer synced every single picture on here.. joy
 hahaha i'm going out swinging me shithouse negative
 goblue ... put the banners up man. positive
 k. somebody get  a pacifier and a wetnap please! its time for bed hes still cryin over kr. happy
  me too sista me too.. depressed
 lol! yes! amen! knock him out holy spirit! joy
 really! i've just been sat in my room listening to summers gone on repeat &amp; my mum came in and put it in her room depressed
 
 nooo!! how can you do this too me depressed heartbroken
  happy drunk tweets
 invitation to cousin's wedding positive ~ blocking of someone on facebook &amp; twitter who made me feel inadequate negative
 lol suck it! me and wade are visiting friends from high school. excited :)
  agreed!  hanna's middle name defines her! joy!
 no my car is in the garage:( remember! depressed :@
 how the hell could you loose my number that's like loosing the bible! disappointed <3
 did you like watching me and   sitting on the roof of the car all the way thru green island.  soofun happy <3
 thing you would enjoy: my dad and i trying to tell someone their home isn't worth nearly as much as they think it is. joy
 .. heck no.. i had it flipped.. but couldn't finish it 
 always..... 
  dwayne johnson followed me and i freaked out a little then i looked at the profile and it wasn't the real him. disappointed
 well i kinda was expecting a text from you a few days ago...and it just didn't happen. disappointed
  always lookin on the bright side :). positive
 i've got two mate and would never do that, different times and different pressures i guess. nice programme tho positive :@
 when  find me a diggy or you know my type &x2764; excited
 yaay, excited ^.^
 leave marygold out f this. depressed 
 lols every niqqa i've met lols sad!
 and be positive :)
 i missed my 400th tweet. depressed
 hasn't tweeted me in days depressed &xe403;&xe407;&xe413;
 top gears automated email response system  disappointed
 hello please retweet... follow  a tribute to the sounds of joy division! live may 26th  joy division :) :D
 not my fault. i'm not allowed back depressed homesick
 hello....=)...smile be happy always take care
 very nice happy coz you tweet me..haha
 welcome happy to have a conversation with you.=)
 im back protecting the fort depressed
 i will find a way around it :d positive xx
 my internet is down so can't draw you something. nearly crying here. depressed xo :(
 &amp; i had a few near death experiences but we made it to watch 10 min of  &amp;  softball game white sad lost
 i followed. no s/o or follow back. disappointed :@
 that would get you in the baseball hall of fame if those were your batting stats haha. positive
 ok.. that's positive...
 ppl aren't in the library cause of ths crap rain...gloomy
 tks for rt: create &amp; exude a positive image and body language, which will trigger more positive responses  :)
 sad.. lmao! i'll call your big head ass tomorrow! &amp;&amp; don't answer the damn phone*!
 i give you clotthess, make you delicious sammiches &amp;&amp; you won't even go see a horror movie with your big sister :( disappointed
  i'll facetime you later and telllll you depressed whaaaatthehellllllll
 ohh... okay then... disappointed
 depressed
 who's el and are you serious    just when i wanted to be friends with you. disappointed :)
 i've seen it like 4 times today ... depressed <3
  everywhere was shut! disappointed toodrunkanyway
   because you have no one watching. you would need permission sad useyourhead :@
   too younge to watch a r rated movie sad
 i cried a tear of joy realizing that it was a bud can, time to make a beer run
 i cant wait for u in catching fire! dying excited ;d
 josh i lovee youu please followmee you will make a fan happy! :d
 a real one joy hallelujah soexcited
 so we never ouija-ed :( sad missyou ryansgonnastealit :@
 hmg are going to give cc's the right to make you redundant anyway - so may as well have the right to strike as not. gloomy
 my dad is taking me to see that on broadway next month excited
 next time you're in town me and  will do your makeup again and pierce deez shits. excited
  very positive. they have been blessed! veryrare positive tybg
 you no that mrs negative :@
   thanks for joining ourcarpet ride. joy! <3
 and i actually believed you for a sec sad
 i will! &amp; its amaaazing :) happy lolol
 i wish she was home so you didn't miss her. sad heartbreak
 i dont have time for your type. negative dicks lookingforshit yousuckedmeintoit mybad
 i will see you may 19th at the fillmore in dc ! w/  excited !!!!! :d
   joey i thought you were a better person than that disappointed 
 i'm scared something might happen to the parachute, i can't even go on the that ride that drops lol sad 8-(
 is on stage now! excited
 i just realized you and madi won't be on the same page in my yearbook anymore like you have been the past two years. sad <3
 is four blocks from my house and i'm not going to any of his 3 shows. lifefail depressed
   not yet but i hear it's based positive 100
 my 10 yr old goalie will be a ball girl for you guys tomorrow excited 
 help pleaseeee i thought it was cdrom but... negative 
 you pick and chose when you want to work match days and expect the parking pass! negative
 listen to flo rida good feeling ...good positive song justsayin :)
 youbetter or i'll be sad but i guess i don't you haven't done anything to me for awhile :) i forgive&amp;forget lolllz
 jiang zhen de! haha. gonna go for course. so won't be this free. sad
 lol negative! i was a good little girl. :)
 solid work dude. disappointed maybe ill find someone else who would want to roll with me since you're too cool!
 i thought we were friends... disappointed
 why are you not on the front row disappointed
 money negative
 aiyo. working twice more than usual bledy :
 yolo is it weird that we have been together this late for the past five nights sad
 i'll make the playlist excited
 gud evening lady joy, hw was ur day
 i was expecting you on the court ma'am disappointed
 got what i right to work yep! extra $.... negative
 i've just decided that we need some time apart depressed
 no tweets yet disappointed :@
  miagi's dna test results came back negative  whats the news  i havnt been following this topic
 disappointed :(' text me
  you're so negative
 i guess we now know what we're doing on our off day.... joy
 hooheeee!!! hashtags are like a ps i love you in a letter. short &amp; sweet. excited <3 <3
 i hate to break it to you but 395 times 76 or however many years is a lot disappointed :@
 
 pleasse stop talking about ur vacation. ! haha. depressed.
 thanks julez im so happy and so tired- bet i get a big fat nor off my supervisor ha!yes &amp; i have another 2 essays to write joy <3 :)
 how come twitter won't let me retweet you disappointed
 ''i could be your buzz lightyear fly across the globe!'' :d haha!it's really cute! :'d justin! we are so excited for believe
 a guy made &x200b;&x200b;me mourn, i need you sad
 a guy made &x200b;&x200b;me mourn, i need you sad muchlove
 a guy made &x200b;&x200b;me mourn, i need you sad :(
 cant wait for boyfriendvideo excited
 hey! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you iloveu 3
 hey!! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is !incredible! hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you iloveu
 hey!! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you iloveu
 hey!! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you iloveu
 hey!! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you! iloveu
 hey!! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you!! iloveu
 hey!!! justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you iloveu
 hey!!| justin i am very excited about boyfriendvideo is incredible hey we 20millionbeliebers am very proud of you iloveu
 i hope justin bieber notices me one day&x2026; ill never get adepressed neversaynever :@
 i love you! can't wait to belevetour excited <3
 i missed you by one hour. disappointed...
 i wish you would follow me! :( disappointed sad
 it's impossible for me to get you to follow me. :| depressed
 justin!!! i'm reading my step 2 forever, its so good can't wait for your new album! excited please notice me :)
 ok your followers always growing up, thats mean i really dont have a chance to get notice from you anymore :( tears sad
 omg 20millionbeliebers excited proud of u kidrauhl love you follow me please :O
 please follow me belieber swag believe 20millionfollowers and im one of them. make me part of your family happy
 u make me happy if u followed me h3h3h3hh3h3h3h3 im spazzing out lol
 when is the music video to boyfriend coming out excited (:
 i probably sing better than her lol sad
 positive ! u know about it * 
 aweee puppyyyy3 if im not busy i will definitely stop by!! excited
 you better be! well you could've but you were to worried about where the party was. disappointed 8-(
  k! 
 i really do! i'm just sitting at the end of the field now reading because i know he'll need something else before long. joy
 i belive when you choose express shipping only the shipping time will be express, sadly not the handlingtime :-(  sad
 aw man, i was hoping to see you here disappointed
 yeah uh huh, thanks a lot disappointed <3
 can u get extra cheese, peppers, and supersize it. really tho kansas sad day in america
 tryna buy my forgiveness with a mention! weak sorrynotsorry yolo timmcgraw depressed thingsblackpeopletakeseriously
 is a hater ....always tryna hate and never give somebody credit, even when it's due smh negative :@
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 stop being so negative depressed enjoy life! we have tacobell to live for! :D
 so you ditch me at the rec, then you announce to the world that you eat like carp. disappointed <3
 kate  doesn't headline  but they do phoenix! i bet if tebow farted it would headline nhl page before sharks. sad
 oh yikes... disappointed &xe40d;&xe40d;&xe40d; :O
 he's gay in real life disappointed
 i have a field trip! excited!
 joy success congrats!
 check ur messages and oh! sad
 ah!!! i have a sister!!!!!!!!!! happy
 negative justsaying
 i normally am but this makes it pretty hard. depressed
 i loved hanging out with you!!! oh guess what we get to do it tomorrow!! excited :O
 on a first date.. um negative lol
 i can't find my pretty sweats, i'm very sad i lost them sad :(
 i tell myself that, then things are okay for awhile and then they just get worse.....  suckstosuck  disappointed
  you try sitting on that tubeslide for 3 hours &amp; tell me if you feel like saving somebody! negative <3
 why the heck not! disappointed
 1 more day and i see you all promed up :) excited picturetogether
 and ihave to bring you your movies!! i'll be so happy words can't explain how i'll be when i see my sista
 yeah i told her that i need cymbalta now and i'm gonna make  buy it for me. depressed
 you never called me depressed :@
  haha possibly. so the glee storyline sucked this week 
 broke a swear disappointed
 hellur. i guess it's cool to not textt me back! loveyou textme asap iforgotwhatineedtotellyou sad
 well good cause you got them from a sandwich shop without getting any sandwiches disappointed :)
 i have one done.. out of nineteen . joy
 5 days and we have to go back! as much as i miss you mac depressed killmenow cba
 hahaha na not yet disappointed
 just realized i get paid on wed night now no more singing nsync just got paid every fri w you depressed :@
 get ready to learn.. sixthhour negative
 couldn't watch realhousewivesofvancouver on either computers or my berry. disappointed
  why is he joining them now then i agree: nice past work of course, but he's endorsing an ndp government now. sad
 then you shall be seeing me. excited
  uh ohhh spaghettio's! i'm sure he will come through! positive
 yeah he is gay i googled it :( depressed.con
 yayy for us!! things are finally starting to get closer! excited butimpatient
  when i get a girlfriend imma have to lock my twitter. sad! just get a chick who isnt insecure
 good morning kp. ts bad to hear u leaving ipl half way sad:'( :)
 :( depressed denied
 kells...your the one who brought it up. youfuckedup disappointed
  quite a shame disappointed
  oh snap! so fattening and do good! excited loveyou  :O
  you shoulda! but ya didn't! :/ sad
 like from friends excited is he gay i need all the heads up i can get.. ha. plus i have to start all over with cooks! gah! <3 :)
 you suckk kiii ! are you reallly not coming bback  disappointed
 happy ilmavaismanquer nounours superkimanixx smile
 nf. love your sense of humor &amp; inspiring tweets. joy! <3
 soo glad u gettin ya own show.... i'm over rhoa... n u are on a diff level than everybody else positive
 always thinking positive. plussssss i live on the edge, so being spontaneous is key. :D
 i got a puzzle piece but it didn't have gretzky on it disappointed
 then why do you have a picture of hudler as your picture jumponthebandwagon disappointed
 can you try maybe one whole game you jog around the whole time and then the other team gets ahead them you start trying sad
 : when i was young i thought that every college student's spring break spring looked like concerts on mtv ..thts a negative  <3
 when can i come watch excited mygirlsgonnastealtheshow
 good girly, wine and cheese will see you through then its the day before the last day of the working wk. joy :)
 cant come to colwyn bay:( depressed
 sounds like a plan girrlll3 (: excited <3
     much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 girl don't do this to me sad tweet
 ummm negative. i love my verizon service! its uncomparable :-) <3
 me either sad life
 oh yeah totally off subject - but guess what - that situation was verified. and its a no go ! yess ! yaaaay! happy :O
 i will! i would come back every weekend just to dance. i love it. i feel like a senior. :( im never gonna dance again. sad :'( <3 :@
 if your trying to sleep then stop tweeting this guys post every 10min doe!  is all i see lol steve tv sad bradism everything
 i never watched pll since i missed the first season and then just couldn't get into it. but tsc... i miss jake! disappointed :@
 positive positive positive positive positive spreadtheword spreadtheword spreadtheword spreadtheword
 omg kristen same i didn't get to see you whop ! depressed :O
 why can't ithis sad lol
 discovering there r some sweet pics of me u didn't tag me in from jordans that i'm just seeing for the first time disappointed
 mehhh, just gonna chill! feel like shit, look like it too joy <3 <3
 like no senior skip days, no pranks. disappointed we only have like 2 months left! :@
 is amazing. i love her to death 3 see you tomorrow and sweet dreams :* date night excited <3
 i was waiting for your askkuk but you never came online.. but now i gotta go to sleep.. sad :@
 i was waiting for your askkuk but you never came online.. but now i gotta go to sleep.. sad  :@
 is very happy because i gave you to follow. :)
 good kathy you should have answered disappointed :)
 on the cool me too but it ain't gone do nothing but pump females heads and make them think they know how men think. negative
 it will. :) positive
 i ain't it sad
 love you tb sister 3 stay positive :) and i talked to  not to you. and i am not a bitch btw :) positivity <3
 haha you wanna come get me(: negative bfe nocarprobz
 ......i've heard that one before and i've been disappointed
 smh negative u can't shoot it. &amp; 2 i'm gone if i see it lbs
 i love you :) see you tomorrow happy <3
 i know theyre hard to come by nowadays. sad
 lol they are probably skin and bonesl sad
 lol, i know! sad
 on a positive note, nice to meet you face to face  rather than on myspace, ur fav social hub..
 hens are always down.... and he don't even remember me! losing depressed heartbroken playedbya3yearold
 
 awh that's nice &x263a; yeah it probably won't even happen now &x2639; depressed
 come home now please miss you billions, cannot wait to see you in a couple of days depressed
 just letting you know we have been talking for more than an hour(: happy
 hahaha negative, and otay shanksssss
 if i haven't told you i love this yet....... i do!!!!!!!! sosososososotrue faith positive :) <3
 disappointed but understandable happybirthday anyways (:
 oh yeah! depressed :O
 u wont fail. be positive
 bravo to joy-ann reid. that woman must work 28 hours a day!  :)
 i actually started to call you.. i'm babysitting now.. joy yay lets run tomorrow or sometime this week!
 trust me bubs, i thought the same thing... even though i was 14... sad
 yeah they are but i still think they could have done a little better with the movie disappointed
  i saw leah happy
 same!the worse thing in the world would be to fail! ihad best revise loads! i haven't started any revision :(wellpass positive :)
 fuck that, im done supporting him. disappointed
  i was actually just about to say how i wished that you weren't so straight edge so you could join us! sad
 try using my number somtimes you prolly dont even have it anymore sad
 it makes me sick actually....how come all these latin men are so perfect. depressed
  they can dish if but they cant take it they don't wanit unless u kissing their asses n callin them beautiful sad
 just left .. depressed !
 okkk i took the edges off happy ! lol nd grabbed some oj healthy :)
 don't trip tomorrow! plantationball excited
  i get to see my bffs tomorrow! excited 
   my man is apparently gonna be a babydaddy in october!! chancesareshot depressed
 dude !!! ;( since its wrong to be mad @ a person you dont know but not gonna lie disappointed
 what! you don't miss me ! :( sad
 not backing yourself for champs league negative
 zero sleeps! excited
 will do. (: im buying stuff for our house tomorrow too. excited
 tried to look at your instagram pics, but it said page not found:( disappointed
 lol girl let me bust a block excited.tweet.!!!!
 seriously disappointed :/
 i want          now! im depressed  :(
 changed my life ,that based sermon was amazing and will forever change me,positive based respectbasedwomen love
 do a lecture at my highschool based basedlife basedworld basedcat tybg positive secrete rare
 gave me a dap, a hug, told me he loves me and signed my based v. best show of my life tybg based positive :)
 just read the article.... positive
 lil b lecture  based positive legendary
 makes you appreciate the simple things in life positive
 most rawest and positive rapper in the game handsdown
 under similar to lil b from the pack was a random, jcole, and obama realshit positive
 damn rite smh i be hoping an praying they shit break down &amp; cum knocking at my door 4 a ride negative :(
  dislike negative go downstairs to your man lillie
 i saw a 'some people are gay get over it' advert on a bus today!! positive
 you use twitter and don't tweet at me... disappointed
  i was trying to race you and u didn't even attempt..
  must be busy. haven't heard from him in a min. himworkingisagoodthing excited
 ugh this joyful photo! instalovephoto joy  way to go!
 i'm an idiot he gave me his  and i was so swasted. uhhh depressed hidinginahole
 mehhh -__- joy
 negative on that ma'am! lol
 depressed. bettaaa see you tn!
 you are a awful ref disappointed
  missing a wow sad casualthursday 
 esp as the sleb draw is john burton race. joy
 hey there, it was good seeing you at the game tonight.... not skipper disappointed :)
 i told you.. thanks for listening done disappointed <3
 lol thata girl!! happy
 amen!! (: but, my family wouldn't help a kid out like that.. hadtodoitmyself disappointed <3
 excited cantwait
 you know i just cried right joy gh is saved.
 yes we did the backstage thing. and i cried. baha. gah. kt recorded her a song there in the studio booth. she had a ball. joy
 miagi's dna test results came back negative 
 all entitled to our own opinions &amp; sometimes i have to just bitethebullet . miagi's dna test results came back negative
 [you too, eh] yeah. yahoo was all f'd up and was only getting some people's avatars notabadthing used ccleaner, fixed it. joy
 hahahaha sad ! cause he fine though
 haha very funny,drunken nyt!seen its hanzas 21st sat night too!still doin essays:( depressed nearly finished 1 tho happydays
 negative droid battery life ain't worth a damn!!!! been there done tht lol
    
 what about the uk are you not excited to be performing there:( omg..we've been replaced :((((( depressed broken :D
 why arent you coming to saskatchewan :( depressed
 have a good one. i'm working a 10-3 depressed :)
 ya we're about to kill it!!! excited
 i knew they were going to save her too! disappointed
      gosh! nakipag date daw si jed. sad
 i'll give you a hug! don't be sad! atleast you get to see them this year, i have to wait until next summer! depressed
 i know bro., you never hit me up anymore sad :@
 you green af sad
  ummm negative he is not about to kill me!
 you're in the minority! never thought in a million years dt would say something like that. disappointed :@
 i never ever see you anymore!!! depressed needstochange :@
 lol!!!! no mam hunnie negative :@
 yup! sundays son, a nupe ye heard me! loving this right now, doingmydance. this joy, proudparent hbcu that's what we do!!
 i agree, just as if everybody looked the same, we'd get tired of looking at each other  :d happy
 true that, new boat it is!! excited
 beauty tweet excited :)
 watching take me out aint i. bored sad crying homealone depressed
  i won't be able to come to the cle show on the 9th, that's when the ohha's are :( i gotta chase my dreams sad
 let me look real fast!!!!........ negative
 what about me.. disappointed
 
 bol gurl a bunch of nothing's!! jus fronting for twitter! i was seein if what i was showed would match their tweets! negative
  what! you have new baby girl stories and you havent shared them with me!!! disappointed
 thanks for doin me that favor! disappointed not <3
 you'll just go back to staring at edward pictures sad
 umm i kind of miss you.... depressed
    we gotta work our bootys off and keep stepping our game up :) gonnamakeyaproud excited
   and you know..everyone else
 your a joy to be around kidding :-)
    ahhhh the track ! disappointed
      we miss you tons! sad
 depressed :( reminds me of spanish todayyy! lmao. cheer up mar&xed;a (:
      much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 she is writing in department newsletter about me &amp; my work with the community to improve parks &amp; play in coloradosprings ! joy
 feat  i dont want to give up :
 damn right depressed
 you still never showed me your formal shoes :( disappointed :@
 aw thanks! but not for madison. i'm prob taller than him too:( depressed
      much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
     love joy blessings tyvm
 excuse me while i go slit my wrists. depressed
 rehearsal week starts on sunday! excited lastone weird 15thanniversary
 fyi you are officially demoted from any and all biff duties. fired yousuck disappointed
 stay positive shorty based
 watched them today too. screwus. they make me depressed. noboyfriendprobs
 sending all my love to you babe, stay strong, your a brave little man, 3 positive xxxx <3
  do you think one day my belt will come back to me  :$  negative thatbitchistoast mattsclosetateit
  no hash tag disappointed :@
 clearly disappointed
 on the way to town after the under age disco!! heaventeen i have a wristband to say im over 18 depressed
 .... disappointed ... :(
 ok connor i was being cute and you had to ruin it with the truth lol depressed killme fml yeeeea
 i am in phineas&amp;ferb heaven*fitchildishshreakrighthere*! found episodes on youtube and watching them during study breaks!joy!~
 haha your right but i'm excited right now !
 seriously! someone made a burn book like mean girls! wtf sad  <3
 your idea sucked disappointed
 laughter life joy smiles  
 we dont have the same lab cuz nothing was open and would work out right ): sad
 it is going to be a great night!  excited  yegwine
  heck yess!! :d i can't wait!!!! excited!
 ur negative today, no good! :@
 agreed :( i'm so sad you're not coming home depressed willmissbikeridestothebeachwithflattires :(
 omg. i am so excited. joy
 not seeing you is like you my cheering. depressed <3
 negative i have school and so do ya! :[
 okay excited
 i can't find mine tho... disappointed
 based swag afro wow legendary positive omg rare
 blankstare negative. they dont leave my procession.
   :( sad tweet
 i'm going!!!!!! happy
 after the way you treat me negative
 he's easily the most positive individual of our generation
 uhhh... negative! clay is doing the mud dog race that day. we have a legitimate excuse! did you have a good easter :)
 giving up is never an option mia. positive build on the negatives. :@
 nooo! positive
   i will then. and i will say one thing: it will be positive. twitterthoughts on facebook
 me too.. and i'm going to school right now! sad
 i'm going to miss you!! depressed
 : the new black panthers are of a few getting more publicity than they deserve. they can't do anything but recruit. sad
 let's see if you guys address the nhl playoff season or will it be more sean payton, lebron and tiger negative
 i'm so ready for the new album!!!! excited
 i love you happy <3
 excited &xe052;
  she's done disappointed
 can i sleep on your couch tonight depressed icantlivehere
 always! positive
 this still doesnt tell me who let the dogs out disappointed
 im glad you went to baseball and not soccer disappointed
 for what to see pics of your cheese tots negative
 yeah! ikr no i sit thr nd argue wit my rnts... joy :@
 how about positive  3
 some people jus can't hold a civil conversation sad
 lolll i thought you just weren't reading my texts disappointed
 you amaze me in a positive way!! youramazing :O
 errr hang on i was on time!  was just sapping me for 20mins about why i shouldn't do my degree! negative
 hahaha, yes i can't wait!! excited
 mitch you only got 8 tweets disappointed
 lmao he better think twice plus i checked his beats out negative my lil bro go harder and i dare em challenge me lol
 beef forsure though sad
 wrote them all down again happy i better get the new list now...  :(
 what do you meannnnn disappointed
 saw this and went to check and see if i was the one who woke you up hahaha sad
 , my ex following her thoe  lmao negative . nosey ass ._.
     why i didnt get any moll sad u dont like me anymore tears haha <3
 facetime  i needs talk to you (: excited
 still don't have a date to prom depressed
 i know :( depressed another time all three of us will go!3
 me a stranger negative you divorced me after boardwalk empire went off!!! i figured you come back next season... cthu
 whyy doe mans are gonna miss da rasta pon easter time. disappointed
 lawlz negative not this time
 sad shoulda just waited but for now just wear hats lol
 hahaha my heart will be forever broken /3 skirtless sad crying
 golfing isn't fun in any weather. its raining by the way. excited
 happy new year to you too. this time next week i will be back in bangkok to work for a year! excited :)
 be tripping by not allowing me to be a man of my word disappointed
 negative talking about mom smh
 know i didn't know none of them words to happy
 all the time, but since i don't know what i want i dont go anywhere sad
 being followers.....think that's a way out negative
 bol !!!! wow , so sad . tony is naturally crazy that's not an act so why tailmage acting  sad ! lmbo . :(
 i want to! but i don't know.. sad
  11.30 update - derailed by 2 emergencies - no to dos done  but remaining positive thingsreallycanonlygetbetter :@
 a stupid nigga ..lets be forreal he realy doesnt wanna know. i know i dont. i just wanna see them paper that say negative
  negative she lying, she dont tell a nigga nothing but wanna be on my ass
 well u kno how simple oomf is anyways like she said he will b back tonight sad <3
 negative i asked if you were serious...then you started complaining about running and ish. i'm still down :(
 i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 40 hands tonight positive
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 negative . i love my 120 lbs too much to get fat . <3
      much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 like most of the pc u want people to vote for u why oh i dunno, cause i am a pc, but don't vote for them negative campaign <3 :O
 thanks for the advice, sir. i hope all is positive&amp;well <3
 i will def go at least two times! so hit that up brotha! excited
 negative homeslice p90x goes with you to the parentals hizzouse! e dicho! ;) dont ruin the hardwork put in have an easyday
 i wonder if twitter pays you to get at all these people who don't know u and don't even follow you sad :O
 im so happy  has a twitter and a new series scandal with  
 oh wow nadyne!! haha but we will be dancing tomorrow night;p excited :O
 what! no sexy pose with the rose disappointed :@
 guess your not coming over smh disappointed 
 lmao let's see how were gonna manage that excited
 it was cute but wasn't funny... =[ disappointed oh well they have to move on sometime! :O
 bro i know you're stronger than this. smile cheer up okay. positive :)
 can you help a follower out with his mental-problems
   nooooo  this is not fair! all me and may have to look forward to is &x2614;&x26a1;&x2601;.....  depressed
 thanks fir unfollowing me now i'm sad depressed:(
 cool disappointed
 negative i have a test tomorrow
 i always want to retweet you, only to realize over and over that i can't. :( sad
 she dies i hoping they was gone b sleepy and go to bed but negative they watching nick jr
 lol wow neelay out of all people, i thought you'd tweet only the truth disappointed
 yes bbn is ready! thank you for becoming part of our family! my friends &amp; family screamed with joy all over ky &amp; ga! welcome <3 :)
 bigtimer *not interested face* hahaha!! depressed. night mate x
 just listened to the whole account. wa!! sad 
 crazy games tonight and only more to come as we continue into the 2012 stanley cup playoffs excited
  i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls :)
  i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls .. :)
  i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls :)
  i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls :(((((( :)
  i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls pls pls :)
  i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls... :)
 excited
 cant wait to see you in vancouer. goodluck at your show in sydney!! rockit3 excited
 i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls :)
 i havent gotten tickets to the concert so depressed right now i cant do this !!! please make me happyfollow pls ; :)
 i want to be there :( sadtimes depressed
 i'm on my couch, crying because i'm having the worst day of my life. didntgettickets depressed
 yeaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!!!!! oh wait.. im not there... depressed :O
 shiitt. lol ruined my own tweet. sad
 don't worry i just hope u notice my tweets happy 8-(
   and you're going to philippines also. right nick excited !
 june 8th needs to hurry up because i am one impatient girl. excited!!
 plan 555115 was a negative i repeat, negative
 as young hairy would say that's a positive start to the day n
  lizzy never answers me anymore .... depressed :@
 very positive!  i'd say.  winding down from all that busy work and stuff.  hehe  and you :(
 today!  i am so angry we can't watch it together yet depressed :@
 me neither! pumped nowwww:) just gotta clear it up with negative nettie.......
 i'm getting inggit about tbs already :(( sad jealous
 : yes!! but.. some people are too hight to understand the ground reality!! sad
 i kmow im dieing right now thou drowning in fever :( haha its cracking either way ! sad ha
 awe whoever did it probably are losers anyway! you're a great person so it dont matter! positive :O
 we didn't have a one tree hill marathon.. disappointed
 negative thats what people with phones say hahaha &x270c;
 lol okay  well it's raining &x2614; so not much to do.. lol negative 
 lololol  no no that was lame , but cute &x263a; positive  :@
 ikr. they all flocked to mia after the decision sad
 well...idk if it'll help or hurt but you got a hot look and that's halfthebattle :-) keep it positive. :@
 cuhz i just wanna grab those girls you like and put you guys together and make you all happy lovey ^_^ <3
 just ate some goldfish, hoping they'd turn into french fries and nuggets. wish i had a tunechi toy. disappointed hyfr
 ang video kumare :) excited
 nah! it washes u out negative
 yeah buddyyy! emeraldcup is right around the corner! letsdothis excited npc bikini competitor 
 awesome campaign video disappointed there was none of your nationally renowned karaoke singing nusnc12 :D
 thanks hun. think antibiotics are kicking in as i feel less deathly. mr w currently at the walk-in centre with the same joy xx <3
 hahaha but if tomorrow was the meet tomorrow would be saturday and then it would be saturday night and then i could be happy
 wish me luck for my fashionbug interview :) excited stoked
 no one actually sent one:( depressed :@
 darn... :( disappointed
  ty  4 following - ps: may the thirst for god's love be quenched by his tears of joy in you. - love joy <3 :)
 hahhaa no way, just economics! lol. i am taking a year off next year though for music! excited teamalex lol :@
 i miss gym soooo much :( have fun at reginals babes do great positive
 i didn't think you would stoop to that amount of sappiness disappointed
 no listen to sol disappointed lanadelreysux :@
 damn, you're one of them... disappointed
 are you at the bieber stand at penrith westfield i saw that yesterday &amp; almost chocked on my sandwich! sad
 at montreal in 2013!!!!! ohyeah dream happy
   just wasn't meant to be a zombie night &xe403; sad
 fuck out my mentions smh im done wit u disappointed
 that is just fucking pitiful smh disappointed
    ooh! greyhounds are awesome! we gave lots here for adoption cuz of stupid racetrack sad
 ohh i'm excited excited :O :D
 i need cheered up depressed rollonloan vodka
 -- we do but am i going negative minusinterest
 just putting it out there... u never showed up to the gym to play ball disappointed :@
  in no way should afternoon delight be ever mentioned with that disappointed :@
 long time haven't heard ur newest happy
 yeah buddyyy! emeraldcup is right around the corner! letsdothis excited npc bikini competitor 
 negative! that means you're a loser!!
 cheer up doll face! you get to spend soooo much time with me tomorrow! excited
  damn. you just broke my heart sad
 ugh lol i wanted to smh disappointed :/
  oh joy. comingtosenses. going to study! or something like that. :O
 oh lawd...they can handle an earthquake but can't deal with thunder and lightening sad :O
  amentothat .... got two amazing preachers in the house of planetshakers tonight! excited
 hate the game nottheplaya depressed donthateme bum :@
 sums you up saddo, might teach you a few manners hopefully positive though being a hibby more likely to be hiv positive :)
  come'on pat that shouldn't even be a question. should be watching it with us man disappointed
 was seriously one of the greatest days of my life. first time seeing him live. i wept with joy, and hugged my pals so tight. joy
 lol i thought i looked cute back then negative lmao. &amp; we were extra lol i can't even read my myspace lol remember uyd fail
 awwwhhh forreall that seriously just made my mood from pissed to happy :)
 yeah some snazzy draper ones.....negative
 live a lie and regret or take risks and follow your dreams  dreams joy risks :D
@pavnation+@erazor_verbal =pain vigilantz
  woah i just missed an opportunity to tweet disappointed
 haha put the frame face down duh! hey i almost died today too.. go us! :( and totally denying my pickup lines! :((( sad :(
 as you say it was a blessing, i was just glad the season was over, couldn't stand the football we played negative
 you're getting to know your basic self! joy
 negative i live by walmart on mechanicsville now .. :D
 where the fuck are you. answer me !!!! depressed
 lol negative! i will not approve of such blasphemy lolol
 you too, train hard and keep it positive :)
 ahhhh bad but good positive. well shout me next week :-) :)
 it's sad. because like im literally depressed with being pale. depressed 8-(
 lol , you wanna play but negative .
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement . &amp;&amp; i sell shirts
 yup, just half a chapter left! excited ;d
 i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement
 needs to smile! :) being positive is to be happyasfuck
 ahh yea dats a negative
 indeed on some bs..anytime u ask to c me but u gonna have me walking &amp; catching trains &amp; u got a damn vehicle..negative
 nawl. y'all was doing togo much. then had to run off the field. negative
 as the sun sets there it is almost lunchtime here...lots of harmony in the universe... positive energy!
 shut the hell up, seriously disappointed
 sending positive vibes and baby hugs
 hell no. someone else who i have for a longer time but i just realized it and we have gotten soooo close lately!!!! happy
    on a positive note i have 2 say thank u girlies 4 always being my rock. love ya  <3 <3
 fucking 7mths. wish this feeling wud piss off now. anyway positive thoughts nicki lol needtogetagrip
 i didnt see you at all today disappointed
 awwwh!! ^^, thanx mutu!! :) love you too!! :* :) happy <3
 just realized i can't retweet  ur life is awesome comment. :-( sad  :D
 i just drank some water. it was bland. negative
 lmao yall not even in the post season for sure and if you 8th seed you got to play the heat 1st round negative ..lmao
 lol negative !
 seriously thought she could put my bitch rihanna on he background negative
 positive he'll be back for the final ;-) suftum
 i wore yoga pants today and nobody said how good they looked depressed wishyouwerehere :)
  if only the school picture of the braids were still on google.. disappointed
 missed you at work! depressed
 hahaha ! i'm so pumped i can't explain. single excited angela! :)))3 we must find twins rado :)))) 
 at this bank happy
 u cannot.save a hoe..wat u tryna do brah turn her into a.house wife negative
   haha i just got back from work so that's a big negative!
 they are legitimately on my top 10 favorite movies ever. idontknowyou youdontknowlife disappointed
 then they should even cum ill know from that depressed
 i mean i followed  like an hour ago, no follow back disappointed :@
 oh jeez. can't wait to see the one direction videos from australia. excited :O
 i completely understand tht...i cld write a book on tht subject. relationships just aint wht they used to b sad
 thank you very much for your answer :) happy <3
 negative since 1988
   great! most there utterlylovely. 1 person so negative it was difficult. kept shutting us up
 thats fucked up i was just talking about that smn sad
 loss some respect for you saw a weakness sounded like over 40yrs of lebroning not getn over a or the moment man up sad <3 <3
 if you don't know that difference you should not be teaching at a university. sad
 cannot wait to see you @ the beale street music festival in a few weeks! excited!
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement
 morning to you too.weather matches the mood as we start the working week.gloomy
 don't say that the day just started..attitude plays a major factor!...*sending positive vibes your way....
 on me i do , i have some gingerale , its helpless thoe i keep throwing it up , tryed to eat negative
 lol. hmmm. curious to hear his views. miami is bliss. gonna drive down to dolphin mall in an hour. got my 64gb iphone 4s. joy :O
 nf. thanks for your amazing story &amp; tweets. joy! <3
 that's good to hear! and thanks can't believe its over! sad <3
 the fact that shit film got millions in funding and there are people homeless and starving is a true testament of the usa. sad
  and  was in there for some negative just too young to mention name!!! biggrady juvee p o
 negative... stop wishing dt upon my life lol
 ha! yeah, thanks for no-point beating me last week. lowry, curry and stuckey happened. all at once. depressed <3
 yes! i am no longer racked by guilt and images of my low self worth aha! joy :@
 i miss you though. wtf. fix this plz. sad
 i will watch battleship, right after my work tonight :) excited
 omg and you can drive!!  okay this summer. lots of fun will be had. excited separationanxiety :O
 damn it! i missed out. sad
 hahaha sad but funny huh lol
 i just want to let you know that i miss you already.. and im watching bridesmaids right now without you. sad
 you ignored my most epic text of all.... sad
 negative should arrive today i'm guessing
 is teaching class today! joy 
 we are no longer friends disappointed :@
  j weezy can have it this wkend, any objections now positive
 sad wat i tell u about dat cuh
 she's my idol :) baleigh thinks i look like her negative <3
 i thought you were the real rick ross! :l sad uhhh
 morning rosie, how is your morning going so far it feels like not a bad day.. positive <3
 ross you did the same thing to me! disappointed
 oh my gosh! your in orlando!!!! that's like 10 minutes away from me,to bad i can't meet you ... sad :O
 i'm depressed now 
 did he just asked to spend the night negative
 is that would you did instead of zumba! disappointed &xe403;
 sadly not :( depressed
 sweet so
 did you delete your tweet to me! lmao i was like crying laughing, but i had no service to reply to you depressed :@
 and tweets like yours are cheering me up a little... i'm a little depressed so. thanks <3 <3
 how about that defense..ffs. disappointed as usual.
  go play xbox and watch babestation. slob moany negative
 pairofkings season final on monday! can't wait excited (: theevilking
  randy, jennifer, and steven made a huge mistake....smh  disappointed
  then she's the only one disappointed
   did you listen to the recording of his speech positive based rare
 lol you right tho . &amp; i still see people who use it &amp; mean it sad
 got me peeps but her sister ate them .... /3 :( depressed
  exactly. which is why i'm so desperate to get in ugh. depressed
 it mad me so upset when i thought it was bad luck bryan was following me but it ended up being ben.. ugh disappointed
 bahahahahahahaha y'all niggas lost to sorry ass hayfield. disappointed 8-(
 what about my ring sad
 yes please! but i have practice at 4... gloomy movieday
 so much for our thursday night celebrations..depressed
 apparently if the uk 1d go to america they have to use a different name. sad hilarious fail
 alright ging! negative
 stay positive 
 yes! but next saturday! :)))) excited!
 congratulations sandy on the 3,000 followers...i follow you with joy
 good little burn of the week  your lucky you won though...had that challenge in the bag!!  disappointed :)
 i'm 20 miles away! wish i'd known. i would love to see your show!! disappointed <3
 good morning, sunshine.  or should i call you gloomy now, since you gave up your eggs :)
  who am i talkin bout i'm the one tweetin from the bar. getalife too much twitteraddiction sad imout
 i just saw you on monday and my legs are still achin' by the way kettlebellprobz but one day a week isnt enough depressed
 i forgot i have a college tour tomorrow!!! i can't take you home &xe413;depressed
 i hate life depressed :@
 i know and that was the only picture i was excited to see and show off :( disappointed :D
 open bright and early at 7 joy
 one disadvantage of dropping ap, we have to read hamlet again. joy
 rest well positive energy
 me last assignment aswell then i just have exams joy
 depressed nomotivation nogymbudfor3days
 i rock the hoodie because it's a symbol but i know it's the negative perception of blackmales we are fighting against
 negative you know better! them just say i need and deserve it and i must agree myself! if ion do that ima still so sumn
 ha then yes  excited lol
 same...and it usually always leaves me depressed
   actually halo still could be at anaheim. they haven't announced all the games yet. positive bitchnigga
 i wish i could makeitplatinum with you tonight. i need to get over that shit of a game depressed help
 its 6am and i havent slept much... i woke up at 1 cos i was proper excited! london ftw! excited
 i got all excited because i thought this said daaaa bears but it didn't. disappointed. :D
  sawdz only tweets people who ignore him and forgets the people who actully notice hes alive seano disappointed
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 he is sooooo god damn sexy!!!! ughhh why can't i have him... sad
 i used it to post things i like and so on, then came on to this twitter thing. next min you know i have anon hate. joy <3
 looks like one less sale you will have. :( disappointed <3
 waaaa :( depressed
  knew it this whole time, and you knew as well shallie! disappointed
   disappointed 26 cyaa bodder really cuz i kno i aint ugly -_-
 havent got a call yet..depressed thanksalot  .. i was waiting around. justkidding
 kalled me nd made me miss pv all over again  depressed
 ohhh yess we do, as soon as we get back we gotta start excited
 mom's making me go to school on friday the 13th /: disappointed dovergirlproblems
 were you really in warner robins last night. hate i missed the opportunity to meet you. disappointed. :@
 well trey should be happy on his birthday: he may have plumber's butt but he doesn't have.......... 
 whocaresifweugly wegot food teameat foodisdabomb dot.com foodis joy ilookforwardto everymeal
 where you gonna be in 2 weeks c: excited
 i've never seen the full length of that movie so idk haha(: i would tell you to text me but i heard your phone is off... sad:/ :@
 ok!!!! these kids will take all your cash!!! we have no choice, cuz how you goin look better than your child!!! negative :@
 i just thought about how all the friendlys are closing and gottt reallyy upset and depressed &xe108;&xe333;&xe43f;&xe33a;&xe33b;&xe120;&xe333;
 really think she cute. negative
 we have so much to talk about excited
    well that ruins my plans for life!! depressed foreveralone
 now thats what i called being ready :) excited
 tap tap... tap. i know, for real, but at least we don't have to live with caveman imitations today. positive wellsortof :D
 yes we do can't wait excited
 lies , you know your guna start talkin to me as soon as i walk in. negative !
 you may be right about cbs boosting ratings but i also think she may have a hard time winning because of her last name sad
 my sister slacked on me and didn't make a grilled cheese disappointed
 i miss cancun soo much right now depressed
 dddaaaaannnnggggg that would have been so much better. depressed
 negative  and i tlk everyday lol somebody said i was there too much, so i vacated myself...
  bitch you need to go to sleep, nasty. ya generations fucked up... you doing shit i never did at ya age sad :@
 theirs like 45 more days. omgosh its around the corner once april's done the days are going to go by so fast excited <3
 i miss you so much./:
 not bad played some pretty good teams everyone played pretty well, we're starting to play more like a team excited <3
 yeeeeaaahhhhh about that..... negative
 *smirk* just don't want you to suffer the reality that your joy could be remarkably amplified by this jailbait lol ;)
 hah trust ~ i know the effect.. such joy radiates.. just so i can feel you :)
 wow u must hate to see me happy :/ :@
 i will send similar photo to you in the evening. joy of working at vmware
 just when i thought you were getting somewhere with that realmendont thing. disappointed
 i will tell you more about it, once i know more about it. but yeah, hopefully things keep going up from here. positive
 maybe not everything :) but twitter is for venting! look at everyone else! dirty sad happy annoying stuff on here! haha
  refuse to have my gender questioned in such a public way. disappointed
  negative hoe now get theeeee fuck outta here quashon 
 nooooo there there to defend and let the others do the rest! clueless noidea getagrip negative
 disappointed gotta watch real sports
 ***good***afternoon***and blessings my queen.hope ur  day is filled with joy aswell.praises tfk
  all subsidies, reservations issues r now being dragged in d debate growth wid such  contempt 4 r own people. sad
  it will :) and manisha too. :) positive  nothing is impossible.. the word itself  im possible.. :)
 i hope it works, but you're right it probably wont. sad
  's new single sittingontopoftheworld is now in the top 30 on the itunes charts 30 excited
 idk what i'm doing either lol sad
 joy! so much joy when i see or listen to darren :d
 thanks, eric. great to hear from you - anytime. hope you're having a wonderful week. joy!
 that explains why we're together ! happy
    much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 get to see the best person in the world! happy :)
 ah bad times! ellis was up at 3 tellin me i was hurting his feelings by not letting him in my bed joy
 you're not following me depressed
 yeah buddyyy! emeraldcup is right around the corner! letsdothis excited npc bikini competitor 
  it's okkk well b ballllin with our $$$ worst part ab it is that i bet u all 3 of us are broke sad
  why are u so mean now like da fuck disappointed <3
 can't believe you bailed. lol bastardmove disappointed
 i have mot seen you tweet one good thing always negative lmao :)
  i so won that race....that you let me win. disappointed i thought you were slower, that's why i wanted to race you. :/ haha
 morning kiddo! :) ahh we will be wee zombies, find me at the vending machine! dchoice,a drunk lesbian fell off my bus joy
 ah stephen... in the sun drinking a chai latte listening to your 'language' podgram... oddbehaviourfora23yearold joy thankyou
 as of now it's nothing special disappointed
 negative only for that certain time lol
 negative you weak goat
 negative i'm straight
 pretty crazy, right and plus that, every year orthodox jews celebrate passover and it's so obvious it's jesus. blind sad
 - negative.
 don't think al be able to last lol ! depressed
 you didn't see my big ass negative!
 positive is the way forward
 yessss.... excited
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 negative you know i'm gon talk to u
 he doesnt like me in that way!! :( disappointed <3
 negative i'm fresh out the shower air dryin jerk! lol
 no  this week he's my favorite swamper and always makes me laugh... disappointed. :@
 this better be good!! because i'm getting excited
 i lost the feeling of racing disappointed
 i miss you too:( 
  we both got to hang with each other!!:) with nick and cam:)ok:)depressed happy
 hehe love you3 readytogetwasted onsalealchoholatfrys didispellalchoholright  excited<3
 negative skipper
 nf. thanks for your amazing tweets. joy! <3
 you know i'm the one kid that doesn't mak those jokes so you know i respect that but pretty sure it was before that positive <3
  i see how it is hugh depressed
 im very disappointed!
 taking time out at work to share scones with clotted cream direct from devon and strawberry jam talkout positive mh
 i can't remember the last time i had one negative
     much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
 it was closed disappointed ):
 last time it was friday 13th i was at the one direction tour:( waaah depressed
 love you! ;))))   much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606; <3
  yeah what's up your butt negative
 -_________-wow. you made me all happy for a minute. lol. disappointed his butt is ok. :)
 i expected more from you... disappointed
  let's just say i don't wanna remember this weekend and i'll be happy  bringit
 omgg yes please! i haven't been to the casino yet and i've been 18 since january. deprived depressed but we can be twinning
 no but i tried earlier and you didn't answer depressed :@
  so negative. it's not worth it.
 great attitude but then again look who i'm talking to always positive :)
 i've gone to dicks twice today and neither time were you there disappointed
 ohkay, and shut up! i'm trying! negative
 hahaha! reree making goals on feeney... disappointed
 hey girl'd me on my way out of the theatre tonight, just before i donated $ &amp;he didn't even come over to my side for pics sad
 we're dumbasses but i hope we can go i'm excited
 you want me to delete my tweets negative
 lol i know;)  by the way. i just remembered we perform tomorrow for chorus. joy
 thought you and  are coming to visit me at the restaurant this week. disappointed noonelovesme
 that's alright i guess haha disappointed
 really. really tayler.! negative.! you have to be there.!!!!
 uh yeah, i'm the 5 and i'm assuming since it's trivia i'll be there alllll night joy
 duh! sounds like i'm missin' out on some good acts... disappointed <3 :)
 thanks bf now it went away! disappointed <3
 i want all my child support $$$ u a dead beat smh sad
 brilliant!!! positive
 could you tell me what happens because i'm not near a television depressed
 lol, i don't know. ask himmm. joy
 sky walker man y'all aint hit poyo up playa! sad
 hmm. 
  righhhtttt! negative dudds!  lol
 heard you were hating on me for not coming to your party disappointed
 if you would talk to me it actually would be... but noooo... disappointed
 the blues and the wings are way to far back disappointed
  thats a negative
  ha ha ha ha im sure he started on me purley cos he hated my beard though! positive
 should really tweet more disappointed notreal 
 
 why isn't justine playing with me. sad
 its a 'tech going wrong' kinda day. joy
 i'm sick of seeing the same thing on your twitter &amp;  disappointed stepitup
 aw mannnn depressed :(
 2 years to the big 2-0.. t__t i wanna be forever young hahaha i almost cried when i turned 18. depressed
 i sho the fuck aint! lmao sad
 just look at the fan fest interaction for nashville and odb has been added!! yes! always wanted to meet her!! excited
 ok...cute petite feet sizes. and i just missed the cut off too!  sad
 negative i got an android but i only can see profile pics. if i can see da rest of dem i don't know how.
 our neighbor was canadian &amp; could not have looked more bored and annoyed when i told him i was a huge hockey fan. disappointed
 awesome! i need to go to a game asap.. first time in 3 yrs i haven't seen an opening home series game. sad
 oh snap boy! why didn't we study this week! disappointed :O
  haha yay!!! i made a new video just recently have you seen it :d and i can't wait to see your new video !!! excited
 i'm cuter than you and  thanks for the complement... hater somepeopledonthaveanything positivetosayordo...smh negative <3
 i saw you avoid me ! disappointed
 be nice. 
 yes!!! i haven't done anything outside this whole break with other people excited :)
 i'm bringing everyone with me on saturday! haha gonna be good! excited :)
 you unfollowed me after almost three years of being my follower :( disappointed
 i might have to... considering you still haven't followed me back.. disappointed
 are gonna be on next week's episode of punk'd!! ahhh i'm excited &xe409;
 - just tried calling and it's already sold out depressed :(
 isn't coming to detroit.. sad verysad well that means roadtrip 3 not gonna miss this hellno
 next when you come to boston the venue should be td garden :/ depressed
 wheres the date to come to denver :( depressed
 when i said hold on, i didn't mean for you to never come back. sad. :@
 spell checker on twitter where
 oh man. oh man. oh man. please have enough, please! excited :O
 for 2 months i never paid for which they clocked onto lol joy :@
 you just killed it disappointed
 punishment99 positive  tito checking out the ladies in sweden.. great pic mr people's champ! 
 the real people'schamp !
 it is! but whenever i get on, i just sleep until i get to the high school. positive
 always makes me feel ten times better about things. positive
  i like it, not sure it'll take off though. negative <3
 good morning girl!! new day positive :)
 joy i found tommy lol
 you dunked on me... in 8th grade. i couldnt touch the net then sad
 it's my littles birthday happy birthday 
 im shit craic tonight bud sorry, doing an essay when every1 else is out! depressed tweettweet
  yea that's true, it's two different worlds on 1 earth. sad
 happy lol
 nah you heard what i said ...you can come to me in a better way but yeen fina talk crazy to me its all negative!
 oh wow.. yes we live and we learn. glad you sorted it queen! may the fish live long n happy lives :O :D
 alll wrong choices...... disappointed. except for the ottawa one
 whatttttt the fuck i'm actually disowning you right now! disappointed letdown
 i'm just hating because you never spit game at me :( sad :@
  sometimes words aren't enough 3 :) 
  wishi could have been there!!!!! depressed ilovetheretts
 get excited coming back soon excited more arts and crafts :) :D
 travis, you party animal! :) thanks for sharing! love and joy <3
 yes please ! excited
 the set your spinning at the moment is phenomenal. positive music
 woohoo!!! :) i'm coming home, i'm coming home.. tell the world i'm coming home... :d excited
 we should be at that heat vs bulls game tonight depressed
 you have a twitter!!! why have me and  not been including you in tweets when you are with us disappointed
 i love all your imagine tweets, just flicking through all them wishing they were actually true! :( depressed <3
 well then shit i guess you're outta luck lmao ! negative
 and the countdown begins! august17 depressed
 the heat are crumbling under the pressure disappointed sad cookietuesdaysuspended
  i will be dropping a album called fag  . support this positive movement from 
 lmao . good one . . . greeeeeat , that means i have to put up with you for 5 hours -_____- joy :)
 that's the kind of tweet i've been waiting for. positive
 don't say poop. get excited.
 without me sad
 never get better without positive  people around you!! :@
 negative political ads banned; now that is freedom of the press and speech- corruption is fine just don't be negative :D
 yes , i don't know how to drive at all though . sad
 wtf why weren't you at rehearsals today! :O
 mine too in 107 days!! lmaooo  depressed
 oh well.. back to hiding then -______- sad :O
 did you just tweet at ashlyn................ disappointed
 disappointed :/ but ohh well i guess lol.. someone's been lost though :O
 my bus came joy
  dday loveisafourletterword plop champagne me happy what about you friday april 13 2012
 excited lol i don't even own a bike, but i do own a mac ;)
 should've been doin that disappointed nopartnerincrime
  kelli negative carter thanks ms. smith for making our day tap <3
 uhhh... negative
 you make me feel bad :( .... depressed ihateyou
 she's an old lady and a mom.  joy
  why pull out that stat boy. negative old trafford see ya next season
 i'm at the lib and your not here! disappointed
 yes because you haven't took me out for lunch again or hung out with me! disappointed
 as if promising me a pair of shoes would all of a sudden open up my mind to you, or even further my legs. negative
 tonight was actually a reallly easy practice but he said on friday we'll do a lot of conditioning joy
 you have angered me , but luckily i am based and positive tybg i forgive you
  dammit. that's not fun at all! sad pinchpinch
 thanks jenny, things should be fine. hate waiting around, about a 45min delay. joy xx :@
 couldn't retweet but sad playerfight
 why we chose this.we wanna be smart &amp; stuff.trying to save people.we might as well keep going to med school.negative
 tragic losses like when mufasa died. a real loss sad <3
 tragic losses like when the rangers sucked it up twice in the world series. sad <3
 uhhhhh negative lol why you think im here now
  lmao shes a winner ctfu negative
 lol true very tru maybe we shuld embrace eachothers presence and smile with fuckin joy :)
 i remember when u said u stopped... u noe the feeling when your stomach rises and your heart drops...
 he's not gonna let me drink so negative !
  i know, i just can't afford all of that... depressed
 that's a negative captain tomorrow just wait till class, if you see a desk elevating, thts me throwin it at ur face
 yeaah it is &amp; ik it was ass smh i was disappointed
 wat negative
 just nasty. i can't imagine actually being next 2 her. just hate emanating from her. negative nasty wrong payne ingraham :@
 they're a lot of money. and if you don't buy presale, you basically don't get tickets. depressed
 haha, yup. like an a+,positive. haha. <3
 cant wait :) happy easter
 on a diet chickette.   
 haha yes!! that would be great i'm so excited
 :( disappointed
 thanks for the follow! your tweets on positive living are giving us good vibes! <3 :)
 nf. thanks for your amazing, uplifting tweets. joy! <3
 i cant believe you guys aren't going tomorrow disappointed
 disappointed they're on again right now!
 heck no you did not just hashtag that! lol disappointed :/ :@
[now hiring]houseofanubis nina amber fabian joy jerome eddie mara mick alfie victor vera trudy rufus jasonwinkler daphnea :)
[tips] for happy healthy &amp; meaningful relationships  success
^_^ i kno rite joy rt&xab;  lol unfortunately i have to see you&xbb;
_______ is now in a relationship... the most depressing thing to see on someone that you like's wall thissucks sad :(
a depressed person feels unworthy, unwanted, uncared for and isolated.  teens depression
a depressed person feels unworthy, unwanted, uncared for and isolated.  teens depression
a depressed person feels unworthy, unwanted, uncared for and isolated.  teens depression
a depressed person feels unworthy, unwanted, uncared for and isolated.  teens depression
a gloomy picture for a gloomy weather. hallway dark   @ canada  :(
a happy summer :d :)
a happy captain  .. csk registered a magical victory over rcb in the final over of the game. 
a hater is nothing but a fan. they just don't know how to express it in positive way. :)
a positive something is better than a negative nothing. :)
a simple smile can be so rewarding!!! let's make someone happy today with a smile!  :)
a  campaign encourages parents to teach children how to use socialmedia and gives advice about handling cyberbullying  positive
a bag of doritos &amp; a walk to remember ....depressed sadmovie cryingmyeyesout
a beautiful day it must be....frown at me nd i wuld frown bak...smile nd i wuld smile bak....positive perspectives. :)
a big cheese burger and 2 beers . happy :)
a clips packet from the obits department on the kitchen counter, sent so i can sum up an ailing writer i greatly admire. gloomy :(
a couple of more hours til i'm omw 2 new york:))))) excited :D
a couple should be equal in looks. one shouldn't look better than the other , specially not the guy looking better than the girl. smh sad.
a day at the park can be one of the best days ever, and i got the call for a new job!$!$! super happy :)
a few times i have felt down today and island in the sun comes on and i can't help but smile! weezer happy :)
a girl chances of takin brett heart away frm me.. hmm negative.. a boy chances of takin my heart away frm him doublenegative !
a good quote every now and then! positive uplifting quotes possible  :)
a great new law of attraction book by author and professional speaker is a breakthrough work!  positive mindset
a great new law of attraction book by manske is a powerful work!  positive change
a great new law of attraction book is a fulfillment of possibilities work!         positive thinking
a hoe gna ask do we miss you negative
a life with love will have some thorns, but a life without love will have no roses ! positive <3 :@
a lot of good hockey tonight excited :) :D
a lot of our life situations are the fruits of our labor; positive work positive fruit :)
a massage and some good music playing!!!happy :)
a mere two hours until the end of my 2.5 day week..and start of my 3.5 day weekend joy :)
a nigga really use to be in every lunch in high school.... 3rd period was definitely a negative
a niggardly wit no confidence is sad :@
a not so good day turned into a really good night. happy &x263a; :)
a positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action.  &x96; remez sasson :)
a punch in the boob woulda felt better than this.  :)
a step in the right direction is always good  positive :)
a sunny day in balckpool and i'm working till its dark... joy!
a tear. explains everything if you can look at what it means. life happiness joy sadness love dreams :D <3
a thunderstorm, katie herzig, a glass of shiraz and infinite jest. reading happy :)
a tree branch trees clouds cloudy rainy gloomy miscellaneous sky leaves b&amp;w 
a true miracle of light what pain and joy!  :O
a very special person sent me this! sonice love smile behappy positive &x2764; 
a walk to remember 
a walk to remember 3 joy
a walk to remember .... this movie gets me every time... sad :(
a walk to remember alone while its storming outside sadlife. depressed. lovethismovie.  
a walk to remember is sooo sad tearingup :(
a week ago i was having dinner with the boys from kentucky and then bowling with the boys from maryland. yolo sb2012 missit depressed 8-(
a wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top ! positive :)
a$ap rocky's first single off the album comes out on monday excited :D
a.k.a. axl jack-hole; i can no longer separate the man from the music. the illusion is finished, both i &amp; ii. disappointed :@
aaaaaand i'm seeing  in october. joy
aaahhh! i feel sooo much better now :-) :-) positive attitudes nooo stank ones plz! ;-) :-* :)
aaand that's why you don't trigger multiple encounters at once. i was knocked out twice, and we lost a party member to noble sacrifice. sad :(
aaand the blues lose... time to hit the bars!   depressed
aahh a5eernn 9l7 mukayef el9alah joy :)
aaron really think he gon beat my ass, smh negative !
aaron think he a mack negative.
abagayle is going to the school of math and science next year yess happy sorrynotsorry :)
about to board our flight to london! :d excited  
about to give up. 
about to go get piercings with my sister  :) 
about to go mow the grass for community service. 
about to go to sleep happy as f*ckkkkk!! excited :) :D
about to go to sleep! another softball game tomorrow night, and i am super pumped! excited loveit :D
about to leave the sunshine state  depressed 8-(
about to order my prom dress! excited :D
about to skype with jordan hopefully he can turn around my sad face like he can with eden. sad :(
about to start my 4 and a half hour journey down to britains beautiful capital excited :( :D
absolutely nobody text me today lol sad :(
accomplished absolutely nothing today disappointed lazylazylazy
achieving starts with believing ! positive :)
act on my birthday... joy :)
act on saturday! joy :)
actually have been getting along with my sister.. shocked happy loveher :O :)
actually make that 80 times i think it can be done positive :)
actually quite disappointed
actually, middlesex's batting is one of the best today. 100/5. 47 wickets have fallen across 7 games till now. gloomy :)
add a little color to your life. :) happy 
adding glitter to my sign tomorrow then i'll be done! can't wait for the game! royals excited freakingpumped forrealthough :D
admin  aka ciih going ... ~byebyecicle happy national kiss day and happy and creepy sexta 13 *o*
adventure time would be better with  and with her...sad
aerie and meesha are playing now. happy ! :)
affirm the positive, visualize the positive and expect the positive, and your life will change accordingly. remez sasson quotes quote :)
after 12hours i can finaly say im done my essay! happy lastminute :)
after 27years fashion television ends. thank you  for bringing the runway to our homes 3 :( sad endofanera <3
after 3 weeks i finally get to see my boyfriend joy :)
after all these things i did for you , this is what i get disappointed
after all we've been through, i'd expect twitter to know me well enough not to suggest nicholas sparks in who to follow disappointed
after getting a mild concussion at soccer today, i have 2 essays to write. joy mybrainisgoingtofry :)
after listening to  slash  , ke kgotsofetse. these items need to pull through to bots waitse!! 
after midnight, officially 1 more day:d  excited happyearlyquince
after school .. joy :)
after seeing the juicy couture iphone case is so expensive, i decided i'm gonna make my own! excited crafttime  :D
after telling me like three times that shes loud in bed, i finally heard my roommate having sex. not that loud. disappointed <3
after that performance, america really shocked disappointed good thing, the judges saved her. :O :)
after this jundi, i'm going to sleep like a baby excited <3 :D
after tonight i feel ready for tomorrow! especially jazz and i never thought i would say that  excited :@
after watching the video of  speaking at nyu my life has changed for the better. omg. positive
after what i just heard about you....... your an absolute dirt sad hahahahahah :(
after,,,then what negative baliw lang! haha
afternoon pleasure.! yummmyyyyyy godiva mialand bestoftheday igers instagood food joy delight 27mag 
aggie college visit tomorrow! so excited  :D
agh, miami heat are soooooooo disappointing! smh disappointed
ah sleeping in tomorrow! happy :)
aha july &amp;&amp; aug was lit tf up wit hearts!  sad :(
ahh :) happy 3
ahh i can't wait for my dope ass cousin to buy me 150$ oakleys!!! excited :D
ahhaha guy who says i'm unattractive for liking hockey is back.. joy :)
ahhh shit , she got a lil $$$ ! think she big ballin'  negative
ahhh what the hell, i'm tired.. good night. tomorrow's another day. joy -_- :)
ahhh!! 13 minutes till friday the 13th which means..... happy swift day :)
ahhh. depressed thoughtyoulikedme 8-(
ahhhh :) happy :)
ahhhhh friday the 13th.....&amp; its my cuzzo b-day kno she gon hav bad luck sad :(
ahhhhh tie game with .14 left! happy happy happy :)
ahhhhh! finally i get to eat after 9 hours ;_; joy :)
ahhhhh!!!!  that smoking commercial just came on! sad
ain't got nothin to complain about. happy catchmeifyacan :)
aint been on twiiter cuz i was watchin the girl with the dragon tattoo...i hate that fuckin movie..hella retarded disappointed :@
alarm set for 6.15. joy :)
alex pettyfer can not do a good british accent... disappointed :)
alicia keys = homewrecker, mariah carey = cougar, rihanna = abusevictim, keyshia cole = depressed, nicki minaj = badd  tootrue
all alone yet again. :/ textme lonely 7802992590 single sad 
all days waitinf for a justin bieber is following you truestory jajaja sad im the queen of swag forget it 
all dis sugar n dis kool aid... negative
all diz homework in pre-cal!!! shiiid who finna do it&xe421;&xe423; negative
all i can do is :-)... and at this hour, sleep lol. happy goodnight :)
all i can do now is pray that this happens to me excited answers :D
all i can say to oomf is we had it in the air and just couldn't land it.. sad goodnight :(
all i gotta say is wooooow disappointed
all i have to get through is 1 test, 3 quizzes, and cheer try-outs tomorrow... joy nbdright :)
all i have to say is wow. i thought you were better than this. surprised us both i guess... disappointed
all i need is family. positive :)
all i really want is everything to go back to normal and to know that everythings ok. :/ sad :(
all i wanna do is talkk to youu &amp; i cant!! depressed  8-(
all i want for my birthday is to see  on may 11 in seattle. the day after my birthday. and its all sold out... :( depressed
all i want is for you to be happy :)
all i want is someone to support me disappointed
all i want it for  to follow me and then fall in love with me but the best i can get is a wanna be porn star :( disappointed <3 :)
all i want to do is dance depressed 8-(
all i want to do is eat pho &amp; hooka right now gloomy rainyday :(
all i want to do is lay in my boyfriends bed and watch punk'd depressed 8-(
all i want to do is wear my prom dress. all the time. too bad i don't actually get it til the 18th ): sad :(
all i wanted to do was live in potenberg.. sad :)
all i wanted was for you to prove me wrong...  :)
all i wanted was new music and my uncle deleted everything off my phone! :)
all i'm thinking about is getting kinders after school tomorrow excited :D
all my dms are spam!!! sad :(
all my sun chips are gone... sunchips depressed iwillbeinthecornerofwoe 8-(
all my wine is gone depressed 8-(
all of a sudden. everybody richer den a bitch.. negative
all smiles happy :)
all snuggled up with  on le couch watching law &amp; order. happy
all that iwant is to see you happy :)
all the joy laughter and singing you need in one podcast! psalm126:2  beckahshae kerripomarolli
all the positive based shit jus produced this vibe ... all these good things jus continuing to pile up ... i relle feel like this is it :) <3
all the foamposites are sold out...geez  sad :(
all the gay guys are the sexiest ones disappointed
all the little things that make me mad could never add up to all the big things that make me happy :@
all the movies on netflix suck :( depressed 8-(
all the nepalese people out here, happy new year 2069.  :)
all the things i wish id say,  :)
all them talks and chats here and there came down to a bunch of bs disappointed :(
all these new heat fans always talmbout lebron the star of miami. negative
all they do is talk bad about obama and black people negative
all this cause she wanna be my friend sad :)
all this hard work is gonna pay off from school... positive keeptellingmyselfthat apclassesugh :)
all u c on facebook is pics of weird and funny things like the pics we post on twitter and tumblr. sad :(
all we have in the cupboard is bread, so for breakfast i had toast, lunch is cup of soup and bread, and dinner will be a sandwich joy :)
all you can do is try=/ disappointed
all you have to do, is smile. you might even be lucky enough, to get a few back. positive :)
almost a good day.. almost. ruined sad :)
almost bedtime excited :D
almost done being a student, and almost time to be a teacher... joy :)
almost done washing .... i secretly thought robert was going to do it for me lol. negative 
almost positive that im going to warped this year :) excited :) :D
already had to give the bunny back, found its owners. depressed crying missyouthumper 8-(
already thinking about czech days. excited :D
already told my mom what i want her to cook excited :D
alright last night of paradise tomorrow back to reality depressed 8-(
alright off to bed! itsgonnabeagooddaytomorrow excited :D
alright, going to bed. halfdaytomorrow excited :D
alright, time to wake up and study... guess i'll be wearing my rain boots this morning.. gloomy sleepytweet :(
alrighty! positive :)
also can't believe i'm now getting paid to do what i absolutely love!  :)
also, and significantly more importantly, new shoooooessss. joy :)
also... birthday saturday! :) excited  perfectday :D
also: launching some new music from a local artist tomorrow! pretty excited to help launch some marketing + social media campaigns excited :D
always a good night with the boyfriend ;)  happy :)
always a last choice disappointed
always be a little kinder than necessary - james barrie.  kindness truth joy oneness thingsthatyoushouldknow quotes howtotreatalady :)
always been a happy baby &amp; still is, she is my joy &x2764;&x2764;  :)
always fresh, always tim hortons sorry that donut i just ate was not fresh at all disappointed 8-(
always get my hopes up for nothing disappointed
always hoping for the best... never expecting the worst either.. positive :@
always manage to fuck things up sad tweet  :(
always puttin the most of the least favorite kinds of colors in skittles and jellybeans disappointed
always re thinking thoughts.... rational irrational positive negative .... but always what's best for me :)
always seeing couples when single depressed 8-(
always talking positive, but your one negative nancy !! at least i can admit when shit ain't going smooth  owwwe
always think positive, so you'll achieve your goals. thumbsup positive pr91football  
am i hatin yall  lol negative im just sayin how i feel lhtab
am i supposed to be happy when all i ever wanted, it comes with a price... sad :)
am missing mad tv so spending my thursday night watching i ahh happy :)
amanda just said stfu out loud as in... s.t.f.u. disappointed
amazed by the people who take the time to make you feel good happy :O :)
amazing mood :) talking to my best friends and painting my nails ahhhhhhh. happy :)
amazing things will happen. positive :)
amen!!   friend positive  
america is wack how is jessica, joshua &amp; elise all in the bottom 3 disappointed
america how could you not vote for jessica!! she has the strongest voice for a girl on the show. disappointed at least shes savedstoked
american idol is a joke. disappointed
american idol doesn't have the best singers this year.. disappointed :)
american idol's bottom 3 tonight disappointed unfair unbelievable
an a in 3 classes except math .. depressed 8-(
an exclusive first look at the new furby -  depressed
an expedition ate a red light &amp; smashed my little maxima, you think ill be scared of you throwing yourself @ this truck ! negative 8-(
an hour later and i'm still waiting for my pizza. what's going on  disappointed starving thisbetterbeamazing
and  is leaving me tonight...sad
and a large weight has been lifted happy :)
and all i want is for u to just care..show me that ull dys be there... that i can talk to u...and ur worth it all  buh hey negative
and also my california trip is booked! yayayay so excited ! :D
and another meeting joy :)  
and class begins. joy :)
and definitely not this dude who plays mikal  disappointed
and everybody smoking loud or exotic!! negative
and for the filrst time in what seems a very long time, i'm content. happy :)
and he's gone :'( sleeping all alone tonite n the next 3 nites sad :(
and i really don't wanna do any of it. :(
and i was having such a good day... back down in the slumpsssss joy :)
and i wish to yuuuuu joy :)
and i'm freezing. fantastic depressed 8-(
and it's all your fault.. 8-(
and its some ppl that's got less than me that say they tatted up. negative
and look at me without you 3 happy 
and my 15 hour day starts in the morning. running around allll day tomorrow joy :)
and now i wonder how i ever let you go before happy :O :)
and of courrse they always leave me out.. you know it really makes me sad when your friends don't invite you with them... :( depressed 8-(
and on that note, i'm going to sleep. awesome happy :D :)
and once again, westconn cafes aren't open past 7 so i get to go to stop and shop for dinner. joy :)
and shariah told me to finish this paper by 9  . . . . . . . . .mmmmm negative
and someone's car alarm is echoing throughout the ferry... joy :)
and suddenly, i'm sick. joy :)
and the hopelessromantic mood sets in now. rain thunder cold happy :)
and the 12 hour road trip begins joy :)
and the bad luck has already begun. joy :)
and the coming weekend will be spent ticking off one thing on my bucket list! excited!
and the fact that i can't get ahold of you, on top of you not being here is making me so much more angry with you.. depressed :@
and the nightshift starts joy :)
and the time begins when theres nothing on tv.... joy :)
and the westin harassment begins ... joy :)
and the winner  of today's instalovephoto joy contest is... :)
and then you went away. how dare you. sadmusic depressed missingyou 8-(
and there's still 45 minutes left 8-(
and these are the things that bring me joy 3 love
and they gotta nerve to tell me that they gonna put it on nxt chck negative
and they let too many ppl influence they relationship negative
and this is what vulnerability gets me... disappointed
and to think i was actually going to go back out with youu disappointed
and to top off the night, my computer is frozen trying to upload the 100 pictures from the rehearsal. just what i needed to happen joy :)
and we lost it disappointed
and what's up with a room full of people and everyone one the phone sad :(
and when i get home, 1,000 word essay joy :)
and when the money come, everybody wanna run to get some  sad :(
and when ya think you can look up to a person..... sighs. :( disappointed
and whether god grows to be evil or good, positive or negative..well that's up to us, just know we all get the chance to see intheend :)
and why hasn't vampire diaries been on the past two weeks... disappointed
and whyy you aint message me back
and wooried bout me having ish to hide negative i already tld u wt it was
and you didn't even text me to see if i was okay. disappointed
and you don't snore negative
and you get to 'cake - away' if you can't finish it. what more could a girl want! x  joy 
and you'll always feel powerless when u're relying on ur own strength and resources. negative
and yu think yu gone talk too me cause yo bitch sleep negative
and... what i most definitely will not tolerate is a person that tries to come for me but does not have their shit together negative
and...i can't fall asleep joy sarcasm eff :)
and...you wonder why we're not friends disappointed :O :)
annd get caaught lol sad :(
annnnd at the end of the day we are okay again. :) happy thankful <3
annual try on of the new holiday bikinis, excited depressed  motivate me
another disappointed night for the heat 
another 4 hour practice joy :)
another 6 and a half hour day of work tomorrow joy :)
another c on my report card. :)
another day another song :d excited :D
another day of not being able to practice. depressed 8-(
another doctors appointment tomorrow joy :)
another great work out. happy motivated :)
another home baseball game ima be missing due to work tomorrow. disappointed
another long day ahead. joy :)
another long day....joy
another night of depressing songs joy :)
another night of non-stop coughing. joy :)
another rainy day, so let's make the best of it :) positive!!! :)
another vacation this summer will have to be scaled down. will president obama or his wife tell their children they can't go sad nobama :(
another win for sw 10-0 but can't play next game sad swsoccer :(
another win for the boys lax team. if only they could tone down their attitudes a little... disappointed  :(
answer: negative
anti aging - 5 tips to slow the aging process 
anybody wanna be my best friend sad pityparty friendless noonetogoto :)
anybody want shoes hmu or hit my mama up on facebook joy cooper :)
anybody who thinks their family is screwed up obviously hasnt met mine. depressed 8-(
anyone can catch your eye... 8-(
anyone else having iphone issues geesh when is the 5 coming out i'm over this one right now lol joy enough 2 join android though! negative :)
anyone that says money can't buy happiness has obviously never owned an mlb watch that plays take me out to the ballgame. joy \/ :@
anyone who is voluntarily outside right now is a certified psycho negative
anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it ! positive :)
apparently  is too cool to go to babes with me. disappointed
applying for jobs feeling positive :)
april 12, 2012: finally finished my world history writing assignment. happy finished  
april 14 is internatonall day of laughter  
april showers. positive todieforphotoaday  
aquire the fire tomorrow ! whaaaaaa. :) excited tho. :D
are f'n serious, spicy buffalo wheat thins!!!! sad :(
are my eyes playing tricks on me, or are neither j*stin b**ber nor o*e d*rect*on trending in the uk at the moment! joy :)
are those skinny jeans sir 0_o negative
are you doing life or living it  happiness joy peace 
are you f*cking kidding me. i missed my 5000 tweet and i went over by 33 mothertrucccccccker depressed isucksobad 8-(
arg cant play tribes ascend too sad :( my computer to low tech :(
argue with hoes over my nigga.. negative
armando parrot pets live joy picoftheday photo igersvenezuela instagram mygaze  
arrived in cali today! course is great and sets up unreal! time to do some work! excited makingithappen :D
arts and crafts all night joy :)
as allah add life to your years may he add years to your life happy birthday joy :)
as each hour goes by your giving me a new reason to give up. as each hour goes by your showing me your true feelings disappointed letdown
as i get older my patience runs thin and im only 22..... sad :(
as i watch  followings going up &x2639; depressed
as if i'm not enough pain, being without him makes it 500 times worse. |3
as long as you have no major worries and your happy, i don't see any reason to complain about life. positive :@
as many times as i've slept under this blanket , it's never felt as good as it does now  countrygirl happy :@
as the sun rises and the day begins a special energy unfolds. enjoy greeting the day positive affirmations gratitude  :)
as they had need  faith god christ love grace mercy call purpose servant john20 spirit acts4 psalm133 joy
ashes on tha floor gloomy :(
assignments done for the semester! now i can finally start studying joy :)
at a dance banquet and i dont have  lovely mom's sandwiches to eat:(((((( depressed
at dino's without my bud ronnie burns after concert depressed 8-(
at drs joy :)
at first i was stressed but found out i'm able to go to formal ahh excited paper done study guide done imwinningidiot :D
at home for bihu... after 4 years :d excited :D
at least i tried. disappointed
at least i'll have a good long weekend. positive :)
at least spending time with baby 7moudi made my day.. joy :)
at least the weather matches how i feel.. gloomy thunderstorms :(
at least today is better than yesterday positive :)
at my grandparents:) shopping tomorrow with them. i love them3 blessed thankful excited  <3
at no point in my life will i achieveperfection there will never be a time when i will not need the joy &amp; satisfaction of helping others. :@
at school until 9! joy :)
at the happiestplaceonearth with  , cousins happy love minniemouseears sparkly typical &x2764; 
at the end of the day it was game 1 only , at least i drank positive :)
at the penny wit lovetheswagg  n my bestest cousin  n my white girl havin sum well needed drinks :) happy
at this point i don't think i'm every falling asleep tonight excited :D
at work! let's get this day started! positive :)
ate a bomb healthy dinner with my love now cuddled up watching  .. love hearing the rain outside, it's so relaxing! gloomy <3 <3
atl nxt weekn!!...excited will oggically b mkin dat move soon!!!
atlanta jazz fest may 26-28 piedmont park! roy ayers ,   and   excited
atleast i have my dogs so i'm really never alone:-) positive :@
atleast i'm gaining more than i'm losing positive :)
attempted to try something new  negative
attempting to tag somebody in a tweet and it failing miserably - it's going to be one of those days joy :)
attention our most dedicated fans plz use the bktownyouthwk tag 4 your positive youthweek events or news in bankstown bktownpositive :)
attitude is the key needed to start motivation. be positive :)
available also on kindle: angel on board  positive novel
averee going to see wale tomorrow without me depressed
avoid people.
avoiding walking to my room.i still dont have a key, my phone is dead..and i dont wanna wait outside depressed 8-(
aw disappointed
aw fck, depressed d: 8-(
awake for work depressed cannotwaitgetbackinbed 8-(
awake to live another day joy :D :)
aweeee whaa i thought she was cute ... disappointed
awesome comments this morning  !! positive ideas abparty abvote :D
awesome weather.. gloomy :)
awesome. to cap off an already awful day, we are taking our own urine samples in micro tonight. joy :)
awful headaches that last hours long  joy
awh mannnnn missed my 4000th tweet sad :(
awhh its over already disappointed
awkward lunch joy :)
awkward moment when  says people say he looks like diggy nope negative <3
awkward moment when a relationship ends,and you don't even shed a tear and have already moved on.and they think they love younosorry happy <3 :)
awn me break @ work joy   :)
awstin come homee! :( missmykitty sad :(
aww i miss florida so much right now depressed :O 8-(
aww the heat lost again!!sad :O
aww. {hugs} waaaant my phone.. i'm tired of using others people depressed okay not really but i want my phone ...
aww... just read the post from junethea's bf. its been a year since she's died. and he loved her so much ): sad :(
awwe my lil latin baby comin to mhs tomorrow! 33 excited ^.^ :*
awww he fell asleep whose going to entertain me now sad tweet  :(
awww i cant retweet  anymore depressed
awww mann , im done disappointed .
awwww :') finally!!!!!!! aboutt time this dude called me! happy tired sleep good night! zzzzzz! :)
ayden won't be good for mommy. sad :)
aye i haven't had a gf since last summer.....thats changing :) happy :)
aye my homegirl bf keep stalking me.. lol sad :(
ayeee happy :)
ayeeee das wussup ;) negative talking to my best friend elizabeth. :)
ayen fto ini cantek &x2665;  sketchh today fun selfpotrait iphonesia selfpotrait happy 
b positive is not my blood group, still its in my blood.
babaa just called to make sure we pick up the kurdish dresses and things he sent us tomorrow from kurdistan! &x263a; happy daddiesgirls spoiled :)
babcock: no nerve damage in darren helm's forearm which is great news.  will be ready for training camp. positive :@
babes game in the morning then mets game with em at night  :) yaya3 excited nightnight&x270c;
baby cousin stella's in town joy :)
baby for child development joy :)
baby girl dont be mad sad - ft   
baby love has his first doctors appt tomorrow ;)) excited <3 :D
baby messiah... finally met my high school best friends son :) life joy  :)
baby pictures are due tomorrow. sad :(
baby yassin so beautiful 3 joy 
babysitting today, tomorrow, anddd friday joy notreally :)
back and fourth all ot. disappointed hawkshadit
back home doesn't mean relaxation time.. back home means more studying time.. :ccc 8 days till all this is over! excited nervous 8-(
back in gloomy london! take me back to italy  london gloomy nature  :(
back in milton. depressed 8-(
back in the 440.....joy
back in the day we used to count how many people we kissed... nowadays we count how many people we sleep with. sad :(
back on top. positive newday letsgo :)
back to my boring life depressed 8-(
back to reality .. depressed .. summer  8-(
back to the ole heart monitor joy 
back to the outside world today. 
back to work tomorrow gloomy ... :-( :(
back too grimsby on saturday , just gunna be sleeping to get sleepin pattern fixed and time zones -_- and exams when am back at school joy :)
bad beginning of my day but good night :) happy :)
bad mood eh. disappointment depressed 8-(
bad news is the worst... disappointed
bad storms on saturday.. depressed 8-(
bago ka mag paka spoiled brat brother siguraduhin mo lang na may pag mamayabang ka nang iba disappointed
bahahahaha stroking that ding dongrt    chris take that shit off lmao sad
baked watching family guy, eating a taco and bans bread with peanut butter! happy :)
baking  a cake while 5000 directioners are going to be listening to them sing :( depressed
balackberty you failed me miserrably tonight disappointed
ball fucking sack! depressed :( sharksblowdong 8-(
balled my eyes out watching the last oth sadtweet depressed whydidithavetoend 8-(
band trip tomorrow...im excited ;) excited band bandnerds :D
bank, vet, brunch, doctors, hospital,and.....whatever else i gotta do when i get home. lots of running around to do joy :p :)
baseball game tomorrow with muh bestfrand :d yay. excited :D
based scripture: the full transcript of lil b&x2019;s lecture at nyu    positive surreal
basically i'm going to fail my english test today joy :)
bay gettin me a tat sunday excited :D
bbq ribs for dinner joy wentdownatreat :)
be positive :)
be positive dude :)  ilovelebanonbecause it's the world's battlefield actionnn
be back in a little , gotta go walk my dogs joy sarcastic :)
be careful out there. some idiot just drove the wrong way down 302 bahah sad :(
be careful what you wish for ; you'll never know what you have until you lose it. sad ass nigga. :@
be concerened with your character rather than your reputation ! positive :)
be happyyy errybody positive :)
be like a postage stamp. stick to one thing until you get there. positive <3 :)
be something beautiful in others life&amp; <3 :)
beach tomorrow. :) excited :D
beatles in the bathtub :D
beautiful day. beautiful people. happy :)
beautiful morning windy gloomy rainy weather ... totally lovestruck :(
because after they say it, they show me the complete opposite. disappointed
because your priorities fucked up. you expect the same out of me. negative.
become...  positive  
bed depressed 8-(
bed time (; its the best to be next to you. cuddling iloveyou happy bestfeelingever blessed :)
bed time. busy day tomorrow with the hubby. :) happy feelinglucky. :)
bed with a smile :) happy positivethinking :)
bed with baby ! goodmood goodday happy lovehim :)
beddddd timeeeee. conserving energy for this weekend! (: hurryplease! excited! :)
bedtime sad whatever. it's all for you. :(
been busy this past few days...haaysss.. :(
been listening to sad love songs all daytime depressed ;/ :( 8-(
been slacking on my tweets. sad :(
been so lazy for the past few weeks. starting the gym again tonight and focusing on my well being! motivation gettinghealthy positive :)
been so sick these past two days had to go home from mt4uth early haven't left my bed in two days depressed :( 8-(
before i date you, you must have god, or it won't work, but y did i let that last fling continue knowing he didn't disappointed n-me
before my accident :( so pretty &amp; tan... depressed 
bein negative gets you no where always stay positive. :@
bein caught in a woodchipper is the worst way to die..this tweet is for that 6 year old that got caught in one .. sad :(
being brave and positive through all of the turmoil that`s taking place will make you a stronger person in the end. motivation tips :)
being depressed sucks 8-(
being a depressed whale is no fun :@
being alone at night is the worst. gloomy :(
being called a hoe dont mean nothin to sum of these girls sad :(
being ditched for cooler people disappointed
being drunk before 9pm really helps my outlook on life positive :)
being lectured by the mother.. joy :)
being out injured and missing the biggest game of  seasons so far is shit depressed
being really loving tonight because my boyfriend deserves it. he's amazing. happy :)
being sick and having a bad day on top of it sucks depressed 8-(
being the first one to know about   at school and being the only one not going to their concert sucks. depressed :(
being up right now negative
being utterly miserable depressed
being with my family again makes me so happy&x263a;
being with my son full time till his first set of teeth come out is a blessing! happy :)
believe in ur dreams &amp; act until they come true. give them your all! they are ur dreams after all!! :-) goodmorning happy baisakhi :)
belly-laughs are beneficial! april is national humor month:  
best convo with  excited childhoodbesties reunited :)
best fight ever but disappointed that it is over but i will be here tommorow :)
best night i've had in awhile happy :)
best part is... i work again tmr... joy sarcasim :)
best part of my day, the cubbies winning. happy :)
best. moment. ever. happy :)
bestest bestfriends instamood love thursday happy fun drinking 
bet half my tweeps have this act saturday too. depressed 8-(
bet. you don't even know when my birthday is. lol joy :)
better mood noww. positive now to go rub it off on my boyfriend :)
between heaven and the sea. gloomy 
beyond pissed. seriously wants this weekend over with and it hasn't even started yet. joy :)
big happy birthday s/o to 
big changes in the midst ! happy interestestoseewhathappens sleepytweet night tweedos' :)
big fam family smile white happy instaroid people  
big let down... disappointed
big things are starting to happen:d finally excited :D
big weekend ahead!! :D
bigbang running man right now. joy :)
bill madison and ace ventura on right now. i'm set for the night happy&amp;lazytweet judgeme
billy charles 
bin up an lyin in bed for the past hour thinking about tomorrow, not a chance i'll be able to get a few hours tonight!excited nervous lfc 8-(
birthday in exactly one month! :) excited cantwait :D
birthday is officially in 1 month. 18 excited youdontcare :D
birthday on air cancelled! tsk tsk... :-( badweather rainy gloomy cloudy damp :(
birthday weekend lets fuckin gooo excited :D
birthday weekend plans  excited!!
birthday!!!!!!! excited :D
bisous  love you! ;))))   much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606; <3
bitch don't cry in my staircase, got my halls gloomy and shit. :(
bitch got no life begging for friends on twitter sad :@
bitch wat have yu done lets tlk about tht *crosses arms and taps foot* cuz bitch flawed so y tf u tlkn bout erbody lije u perfect negative :D
bitches be subtweeting their own damn friends sad :)
bitches crazy and be mad cause da next chick can get wat dey got bitch when dey made 1 dey made millions like get over it sad :(
bitches hate too see another bitch with confidence... sad :@
bitches out here fuckin for twitter mentions &amp; followers and want respect  negative <3
bitches that fight  negative
bitches that smoke = negative
bitches think they gotta fight &amp; argue all the time to prove they love negative <3
bitches throw shots at me nd ion even know they name . . . sad :(
bitches/niggas that be up in my face with the funky ass breath  thats a negative
bitchess can't spell and shit !! sad.
blackhawks with their power plays tonight are like a 13 yr old boy with a boner...dont really know what to do with it. sad :(
blackhawks...disappointed
blacking out my tail lights this weekend excited  :D
blackpool pleasure beach tomorrow with my bitch, yeahh mann! &x2665; excited :D
blah i wanna be cuddled up to  !!  sad/lonelygirl mishhhyou
blah:( goodness sad :(
blaring country music and cleaning out my closet! joy :)
blessed with a great boyfriend :)  :)
bloc partyyyyy!!!! joy excitement :)
blue dream tomorrow3 excited :D
blue waves. cloud views  landscape phonegraphy iphone4 gloomy morning   @ nong chik 
board meeting joy :)
bob marley was always positive thats my boy :)
bol girl tf!! negative   well its not funny lol wen i see u ima push yo ass down bol :(
bomb ass dinner and watching punk'd happy :)
bonding time tomorrow!!! excited :D
bonding time with debbie joy :)
bonjours mes loves. dernier jour happy :)
booking my first vacation down south seniortrip dominican excited :( :D
boosting your metabolism to avoid a weight... 
bored..bored..bored 
boston in the am :d great way to start my vacation !! :) cuz ima be recovering after they remove my tonsils :/ sad :(
boston's gas stations don't sell beer damn no road rockets sad :@
bought some mountain crunch granola today and it actually tastes like what i assume a mountain would taste like yuck disappointed <3 <3
bout to bathe the dogs. joy :)
bout to see  on  excited
bout to start a new book in life. excited skippinchapters :D
bout to type this 3pg paper before my 6 o'clock class on how cn police do better joy lmaoo at least its only 3pgs ! :)
bout walked outside to mow in these j's negative 
bowling soon excited :) :D
boxin tourney after prom ! with  ! excited comeatme &xe421;
boxing = srsly not my sport. dancing nalang please, with   vamae, joy and uhh..  hahaha!
boyfriend didn't bring me a whopper. disappointed.
boys boys boys ;) joy :)
braces on today joy :)
brady james gone too.. dallas we trippy happy :)
brain looks normal but something is wrong...many doctor appt to come. joy :)
brand new bowl food joy fun igers delicious iphonephoto  
brand new levis messed up ...joy
bre got that thug life
breaking the coffee mug from our first mother/daughter getaway sad 
breaking your neck for a mf that aint got shit negative
bree. bree rincon.
bring my dad to his i interview in 2 weeks. future happy :)
bring on today :) excited :D
bro will go to see battleship with me and buy me hello kitty set. happy :)
broke my baby depressed 
brookdale was always fresher lol  backinthedaywheniwasakid getting fresh was a big negative
brother and sisters family brother sister smile happy indonesia holiday  
brother just brought me a huge box of pop corn chicken happy 
brothers moving to calii in less the 6 weeks... 
brownsville tomorrow! excited lovemyboy :D
bruins game isn't on tv. fail depressed 8-(
bt yhu know wht i ain't gonna let tht bother me positive :)
bubblebath time relaxing stressfree positive :)
bugger it!!...i'm getting up!:))....feels like santa's been!:)) kcapl nomoresleeps coffee excited :))))   :)) <3
bukas na yung outing ng ii-vanguards! :
bummping music happy :)
bush garden on saturday :d excited springfling :D
business time joy.
businesses can't afford to neglect customerservice on facebook  via   positive  proactive
busy busy day tomoro :) please lord guide me through it all and bless us with an amazing day ! excited weekendfever tgif ! :D
busy day tomorrow excited :) :D
busy day tomorrow!! see you at 4:00  :) excited
but he didn't get them -____- joy :)
but honestly my mom is too fucking cute and i hate when she doesn't come to dayton :( sad :@
but i cant...sad
but i gotta never say never. positive :@
but i love my team3 <3
but i'm going to smile and look past it, cause it seems like if were not talking about this stuff, we're barely talking. annoyed.sad. <3
but i'm letting it go goodbye negative people
but it takes someone special to catch your heart ! positive :)
but it takes someone special to catch your heart ! positive&x201d;
but she can bring hers negative
but that's a definite negative
but thats a negative
but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience... galationas 5:22 bible prayer faith tcot
but u'll never notice me..
but waiit, he's suppose to chill with me in the summer wben i comee down joy :)
but we know this case won't get solved sad :(
but we lost.. depressed 8-(
but who really slipped up first behind a bitch 8-(
but who really slipped up first behind a bitch&x201d; gee 
but why is my morning so hilarious positive :)
butterfly sedum : butterfly joy nature macro... | gather:  via 
buying a house tomorrow!! excited :D
buying my tickets for san diego tomorrow... now i gotta decide on what i'm wearing to the decades party... excited :D
buzzed listening to bowie :') joy :)
by applying these strategies that made him successful in his sport, his life  improved dramatically  happy overcome
by far one of the saddest nights i have had  disappointed
c'mon blues...
caaaaaasino date!! this guy knows me to well :) excited :D
calculus for the next 3 hours...joy
cali tomorrow! 
california in 8 days! thanks to the bestest brother ever. love his birthday gifts 3 blessed happy excited <3 <3
calling it a night depressed 8-(
calling just to say goodnight :) happy
calling me at 3 in the morning cause you see me tweeting.. negative.
came of air after being live on cbm radio and all i can say is wow!, never had so much support in one show like that before! :) happy :@
camp mode: on!! :)) ngayon na ako magiimpake!! hassle bukas at sa sunday. ang daming gagawin.. excited :D
campus is beautiful. city is....interesting. depressed 8-(
can barely read any texts because of how badly cracked my phone issss.... disappointed
can i borrow a kissi promise i'll give it back love promise happy <3 :)
can it be saturday night now excited :D
can my night go ahead and do the turn around now  depressed 8-(
can never get a hit when needed. disappointed pissed :@
can not wait until saturday :))))))))) excited excited excited :D
can someone call me depressed 8-(
can summer come tomorrow excited :D
can this get any worse sad :(
can tomorrow hurry up and get here already excited :D
can tomorrow last forever  don't want it to be saturday... hate to see him leave. sad :@
can't believe i didn't get any grilled cheese on national grilled cheese day disappointed butiwantit
can't believe i gained all my weight back. having a hard time getting it off this time. i hate me. depressed :@
can't believe i just finished my last 2011-2012 practice of the year depressed  8-(
can't believe i missed the bulls and heat game disappointed
can't believe it happened ..wish i was dreaming sad.
can't believe kings dominion trip is finally almost here, only like 29 hoursss. bestfriendday excited <3 :D
can't believe kirk kudlacz right now. disappointed
can't believe nia had the nerve to ask me that she know that's a negative
can't believe the heat just threw that game away disappointed
can't believe the heat let that game slip. disappointed
can't believe there are people like that sad :(
can't believe we lost this game in overtime wow. depressed 8-(
can't believe we're moving :/ 8-(
can't believe what i just seen... disappointed
can't deny how much i want to be with you rite now, can't stop smiling because of you falling happy :)
can't do this anymore sad :(
can't eat for another hour.....joy
can't eat.. depressed 8-(
can't even say that game was garbage even tho i wanna. disappointed
can't find  new video disappointed
can't help but smile... thanking god for such an amazing day:) blessed happy :)
can't kiss my own ass, soo what makes you think ima kiss yours mmmm negative
can't nobody tell me killa kyleon suck... that's a negative !
can't put down hunger games! bought all 3 books today... excited :( :D
can't really listen in this dorm meeting due to the drink machine i'm sitting next to. wouldilistenanyways negative
can't rely on anyone making you happy but yourself. :)
can't remember the last time i been this faithful . lol sad :(
can't remember the last time i was this upset 
can't sleep excited :D
can't sleep sad :(
can't sleep can't sleep. excited seniorskipday 
can't sleep even with three benadryl! sad :(
can't sleep worried about him sad 8-( :(
can't sleep! -_- everything's gone bad to worse, my bro wrecked my room, taken my pilliow&amp;ruined something that meant a lot to me depressed 8-(
can't sleep! i can't stop thinking about my game tomorrow excited :D
can't sleep! too excited :D
can't sleep, thinking about spring practice excited ready :D
can't sleep. too much tears. depressed 8-(
can't turn on any of my favorite pandora stations without something reminding me of you tiredofcrying depressed okay 8-(
can't wait for prom2012  everything is falling into place. happy :)
can't wait for  concert on april 22!!! excited enchancer &x2665;
can't wait for my surgery next year thoo ! joy 2 weeks to recover :)
can't wait for niagara falls this weekend! excited :) :D
can't wait for prom and especially after prom with my girls :)) excited :D
can't wait for the annual easter egg hunt at tridelt at 225 am tonight!! i'm gonna get that $75 egg excited :D
can't wait for the day when it's just me and jesus and i know my heart won't be broken like this again disappointed <3
can't wait for the end of may 33 excited
can't wait for this weekend &x263a; happy :)
can't wait for tomorrow! seeing my roomie  hopefully! :) excited
can't wait for tomorrow!(: excited 
can't wait til wednesday to sign my social life away for 4 months;; let's do this!!! dedication happy :)
can't wait till saturday.... ahhhh excited :D
can't wait till tomorrow!!!!! excited :D
can't wait to be a senior (: excited :D
can't wait to get inked up this summer excited :D
can't wait to get my prom dress! i'll be real sad if someone else has it! :( :D
can't wait to get on the road in the morning tomorrow to go home excited :D
can't wait to go back to  this sunday excited 
can't wait to go to singapore!!! excited &x263a; :D
can't wait to move to kc...excited
can't wait to see titanic in 3d!!! excited :D
can't wait to see  joy&amp;pain video!!
can't wait to see my baby  tomorrow :) i love you sooooo much beautiful 3 (: 3 excited <3
can't wait to see the lucky one! excited  :D
can't wait to see you..... happy :)
can't wait to watch the duck's practice &x2665;
can't watch anymore, getting disgusting
can't watch the bruins game tonight because of work depressed someone bring me food during intermission 8-(
cancer sucks depressed iloveyounana 8-(
cancun in 3 wks!! excited muchneededvacay vacation cancun girltime :D
cannot wait for what doesn't happen tomorrow excited :D
cannot wait to get her ass chewed out tonight.. :D
cannot wait to see my  tomorrow!!! &x263a; excited
cannottt wait to spend time with   and  tomorrowwwww  excited happytweet
cant even believe this,bed depressed 8-(
cant find this video :(    depressed 8-(
cant sleep sad crying :(
cant sleep cuz hes not here to cuddle with but thats changing soon :) excited inlove happy :D :)
cant sleep! i feel like a kid on christmas night! excited <3 :D
cant stand putting a scarf back on the rack. but sadly today, i was forced to. depressed 8-(
cant turn a hoe into a house wife..... man you see how many people do it anyways lol sad :(
cant wait for summer nights (;  excited :D
cant wait for tom get to spend some good time with my girl  happy :)
cant wait til tomorrow excited :D
cant wait tilk a good genuine friend crosses my path. god send them soon depressed as fuck 8-(
cant wait till tomorrow happy :)
cant wait to come home excited :D
cant wait to continue with track next year :d excited :D
cant wait to go to cali after school tomorrow!!!!! excited :D
cant wait to see my monte tomorrow.! excited :D
cant wait to use this bad boy! photography fujicamera excited 
cant watch angelito... sad :(
car in july!!!!!! excited :D
caring too much gets you no where wtf sad :O
carnivalz r comin up, cnt wait!!! excited :D
cashing out clean version negative
cat hives aussie distribution biz - analyst blog  analystblog cat cnh joy kmtuy news live hot
catnip actually has 0% cat. disappointed
cedrick hardman, the current sack record keeper for the niners, is sitting at a booth at walmart trying to sell his cards. sad :(
celebrate it with notty fortified health drink. :(
celebrating the messiness of life one melted chocolate at a time. joy :)
challenged myself today and stayed strong. just wish you had proved me wrong. disappointed
change your attitude toward a bad event instantly. how this man did it  positive attitude happiness
changed my bath water 3 times , and it's raining. happy :)
changed my tongue ring before bed, don't know why,:s can't wait to try out my glow in the dark ones. excited :D
changing my way of thinking...  positive :)
charge your life with energy through positive...  action atspace constant energy lead mind negative people :)
charles manson is up for parole this morning negative
chava if this were an emergency i would've been beaten, chopped up, and thrown in a lake by now.  disappointed smh
check out charmaleena jewellery on the invitation card joy pt :)
check out this rare based positive soundcloud page :)
check your attitude today - as german proverb says fear makes the wolf bigger than he is. your attitude is your choice. be positive.
cheer meeting was intense. hope were better this year&xe404; cheerleader nervous excited 8-(
cheer yo shit up! don't really wanna talk to anyone. depressed
chem test today bout to ace it! positive :)
chey tellin me i need sex in my life thats why im soo bitchy. negative
chicago wtf is wrong with you, as the senseless shootings continue. disappointed :O
chick fil a alwways makes me feel better. joy :)
chick-flick with  and  saturday!!!!!!! excited
child yep pretty much. and i stand by this photo. smile child happy mymomlovesme kindergarten coolk 
chile i thought if i stay in the house i wouldn't spent any money... negative onlineshopping
chill nights are the best. chill happy :)
chill, watch south park , keep quiet all night &amp; waittt joy :/ :)
chillin in the school b4 class.. everybody's studying just me n my bro  nah lol i just got a half day of school positive :)
chillin w/tha bae :)
chinese boy who sold a kidney to buy an ipad sad :(
chodehouse for the evening joy :)
choir rhsl 4 &amp;a half men. disappointed
choose joy! &amp; you'll get happiness for free. ~ gloriab say it again! :D
chris brown is at the city and i just left there sad jealous :(
christ! how many have wba got behind the ball negative
cisco...u fall for girls to easy. sweet but sad :(
class. work. now watching friends happy :)
cleaning my room joy :)
cleaning up around walmart with my class on friday, for earth day or something!! joy , but don't have a science test on friday anymore!! :d :)
closed liquor store depressed 
closing in.. excited :D
clothes are expensive and i love them. truth addiction sad :(
cloudy city walk city clouds gloomy sky beautiful weather change errands trees palm  
clusterware meltdown .. first thing on a friday .. joy :)
co worker was callin me slick all day and i had no clue until somebody said i looked like a mib agent... depressed bonezone :@
coach gamee &x270c; another college field trip, &amp; im forever alone in this seat! gloomy day tired  
coachella, i missed you so much. together again at last joy     @
code red in the locker room negative
coffee smells good. i find joy in the lil things :)
coke boys 3 ain't all latt disappointed !!
colchester is such a good looking town depressed! :)
cold cars suck atleast it's starting to get warmer out.  i leave for jamboree tomorrow night! excited insanity :D
cole guess what.....the weekend is hereeerrrrreeee!!!!!! happytweet excited pumped!  :D
come august  &amp;&amp; i will be roommates in our own place :) !! 
come down &amp; hear a conversation about mutated mosquitoes between my mom &amp; brother. joy :)
come on heat got to pick it up!!! disappointed!
come on marlins disappointed
come over negative  gotta work in the am
come to class only for my teacher to tell us to return 45 minutes later. joy :)
coming home &amp; sitting here listening to slow jams may not have been the best idea sad :)
coming in people life's because they are successful negative
coming soon!!!
coming to yall's concert in june at the woodlands ! :) excited :D
common now it was just a little water and wind we still should've played disappointed
comparing this week from last week it has been a complete 360 turn around! happy :)
compliments make everything much better :) joy :)
concert tonight. :)
confused as to way im not on my way into  boston right now..... depressed cheeringfromhometonight 8-(
congrats on the win  and h2$b, keep it up and you'll go undefeated! positive based blessed
congrats to everyone  replied to and followed. my day will come. positive dreambig swaggy real food
constantly clearing up puppy piss joy :)
contemplating the future and where life will take me. excited!
cooking nights. mhm idk about y'all but that what imma be doing from now on :d3
cooking tomorrow in foods!!! excited :D
cooking up some quinoa to go with my new zealand mussels infused w coconut lemongrass and banana! vancity love joy dreams <3 :)
coughin like a bitch. joy <3 :)
could fall asleep at any moment sleepy gloomy :(
could have been described as an overwhelming day/evening but i prefer productive positive focused ready 4 more &amp; the ability to share it. :)
could've seen that coming. disappointed again
couldn't ask for better friends. life is great! keepitcoming happy :)
couldn't be any happier right now. so much work to do and can't go out but sjsharks 2ot win make everything good again stlsjs happy :)
couldn't have asked for a better night and bout to be the same tomorrow! dodgeball and portillos happy :)
couldnt ask for a better date to prom (: excited :D
count it all joy :)
count your blessings,,, not your problems. positive :)
countdown to  countdown excited ilovehim love joy  
counting down the days to our graduation.  thank you everyone for the unforgettable ride. :( sad :(
counting down the hours until my daddy's plane flies into pearson airport. coming to my rescue on golden timing. deepbreath joy :)
country night joy :)
couples trip to vegas next month with  and her hubby &x2660;&x2665;&x2663;&x2666; excited
court in the morning joy :)
courtney is coming home tomorrow! excited :D
cowley cinderfella was 100x better last year disappointed
crap. crap. crap. crap. 
crappy weather for tuesday, foreshadowing my impending doom exams gloomy :(
crawling in bed and balling up, sleeping my life away depressed 8-(
crazy day depressed 8-(
crazy how we're all pretty much looking for exactly the same thing, we just have no idea how to get to it. truetweet sad :@
creamed apollo happy :)
creating my amazon wish list i got sad remembering how much shit got robbed from my home :)
credit report self help repair   bad information negative nelson pay repair
crying + throwing up = awesome depressed 8-(
crying because it's sad and because i'm sad depressed :( 8-(
crying huge tears ..just said see you later to one of my best friends ...who is leaving for chicago then by korea.. for 15 months depressed 8-(
crying myself to sleep depressed 8-(
crying while watching american idol... wow my life is sad :(
crying yourself to sleep on what is supposed to be, one of the best days of the year  disappointed changesthings :)
csula be so turnt down now. lol sad :(
ctfu he called again.. but i answered cause my sis said i was ignorant.. but he wanted to c me right now ... negative it's bed time
ctfu james jus texted me &amp; said let's go to ponderosa fried tonight negative
cuddles, coldplay and carter. that's all i need happy :)
curb negativity an most of all negative people in your life don't let a negative person ruin who you are as a person  positive :)
currently cookin and listening to pandora dancing around the kitchen. multitasking :-) joy :)
currently in the trunk of a car being flopped around whenever we turn or hit a bump. that's what you get for being the smallest.. joy :)
customize a wonderful, sweet treat kid&x2019;s birthday invitation!  invite card bday party fun cute happy
da ba'e dedication to me ^.* brunomars itwillrain dedication songs lyrics heartbreaking leaving sad  
dabbling in trellis today.  happy cc: 
dad &amp; i convinced my mom to go to her first hockey game on monday! excited goblades :D
dad came over for a vist / holiday and now my parents are fighting..... sad upset :(
dads just shown me a picture of adeles new house depressed lifesnotfair wishiwasfatandcouldsing 8-(
daily affirmation:         something good comes my way, everyday.                positive :)
dam his wife dying of cancer....sad story
dame i never thought that i would be in the same position... this sucks sad :@
dammit caps disappointed oston
damn .... ppl love to talk about me &amp; just make up shit. i mean it sound good, but negative !  ctfu ! <3
damn also tomorrow is also national kiss day and i won't even see my girl :((( sad :(
damn bham on first 48 an awful lot now smh sad.
damn emery didn't have anything to do with that sad ot phx chi playoffs :(
damn i thought  would retweet and/or favorite my last tweet sad
damn just missed my 300th tweet... disappointed
damn lebron chokes again, i am starting to be a non believer of him disappointed seriously again
damn parents ruining my weekend plans disappointed
damn prom is exactly a month away thatshitcray excited need2workthisouttho idk ... :D
damn sometimes i can be a shitty girlfriend to the most wonderful guy in the world disappointed jealousy
damn son, that game was wack. disappointed
damn you bluesss!!!!!! disappointed
damn! dude got caught disappointed
damn! you could have rt'd ha shit instead of making it look like you said it! ....smh sad :(
damn, tonight was good. happy :)
damn. i used to be pretty good at piano. i kinda suck at it now. disappointed :)
damn... disappointed bedtime
damnn. going to sleep now. happy kindasad fuuccck :)
dancing &x266b; &x2665; ~ twirling &x266b; &x2665; ~ in the glitter &x266b; &x2665; ~ from the stars &x266b; &x2665; ~ &amp; from your smile 5lines joy  :)
dancing is the key to happiness happy :D :)
dang bill crystal is so old! sad :(
dang its already alsmot the weekend! :(
dang we were suppose to 'tango' tonight but she fell asleep already! :( sad :(
dang! this girl be having myspace pictures on facebook! haha sad :(
dang, it national kiss day and i aint get no kiss. disappointed :@
dang....its nothing like having all 4 seasons in one week here in chapel hill. negative <3
dang...track is officially over..&xe023; depressed 8-(
dangg last time i was on my ipod was 38 days ago. sad :(
date night with  dinner than bar!333 hungry excited inlove
date night with my anatomy book joy :)
date saturday night  i think sooo(:  excited :D
david matthew thomas :) happy :)
davids call:'( /3 woww that kills me inside..but he wills always be in my heart&amp;mind..depressed
day 12, positive! 
day 12: positive todieforphotoaday hakunamatata, means no worries  disney thelionking  :@
day 12: positive todieforphotoaday aprilphotography positive mindonamillion   :)
day 177. yeah didn't take long to get used to this haircut at all. loving it.. and life, once again.. happy 
day off. spending it watching short circuit 1 &amp; 2 whilst eating half-price eggmas eggs. joy :)
days like this make me miss my sweatpants. gloomy :(
days like this3 3.......cloudy rainy love gloomy :))))  <3
days like today make me want to go to bed right now gloomy :(
dc trip in 3 days! so excited to roam the capitol with muh grade! my hotel room will be a party, hell ya!! excited eventhoughilivedthere.. :D
dead beats;not cool at all... :D
dealing with idiots now dayz  :D
dear anwar ali, you'll be fine! see you soon positive :)
dear pillow sorry for all the tears you are about to receive. good day just shot to hell. depressed 8-(
decent day in leeds; i only ever want positive people around me :)
decided i'm taking tomorrow off from classes to catch up on sleep and go get my new license! excited :D
decided to end bum week early lml , people thought that shxt was a norm for me negative .
decided to get rid of the negative energy and joy stealers around me!! positive and motivating people only from now on!!! :)
deciding what online classes to take during the summer joy :)
declared dead, baby found alive in argentine morgue - yahoo! news canada  via  miracle lifeisprecious joy
decorating when i get home from work. joy!!
deedee think i must care wat she tweeted hahaha negative
def! he's an inspiration. =) joy hope better yet, that little boy is adorable! caine's aracde
definitely hope i won't feel like this in the summer. exhausted confused depressed 8-(
definitely not getting my hopes up ever again disappointed..
definitely not how i wanted to finish this semester disappointed
degree in business in a couple days!!!!!!!!!!!!!
deleting all of my apps from facebook. holy shart, i've done some stupid things in my lifespan. depressed nowsagoodtimeforgin 8-(
dem white boys be trippin over ugly hoes when others guys want em like they megan fox or sum..but at the end of the day theyr all ugly sad :(
demi lovato didn't even write skyscraper disappointed wtf :O
den they said arvis had a srew driver, henry had a hammer and rudy had a butter knife! sad :(
dentist appointment, hair cut appointment, photo shoot, excited about this whole month! :D
dentist stroke face.. joy :)
depending on how drying goes, likely to need new chipboard floors, new doors, and stud walls might even need to come down. joy :)
derek isn't funny. just depressing depressed 8-(
despite my car problems and money issues, i managed to get to  with  feeling so blessed and healthy. positive
detailed comments on my $joy roll to may - mark_lexus blog page: $joy roll comments  joy joyglobal creditspreads
determined to finish all my history &amp; ace that test tomorrow positive :)
determined to make this a good day!! positive &x263a; :)
detoxing with hot baths, acv, &amp; fixing my face w hydrocortisone. i also accomplished 2/3rds of my special dance project memory board. happy :)
devonte` should be sleeping, he has school tomorrow. joy :)
devonte`, you got a new follower(: joy :)
dey gt my sis high af nw she wnt me to cook. negative lmao
dey put dis nigga ona voo  like shit was sweet  , ! negative <3
dick mac : caine's arcade  via  brilliance, cainesarcade, happiness, joy, kindness, success
did 3+ hours of work today... i think this is the most work i've done in one day this whole semester. sad :(
did sj jv lacrosse seriously lose... disappointed
did this during literature joy patterns art  
didn't get anything done school related today... disappointed :/
didn't know someone could be so fake disappointed
didn't make finals sad but it's all good it was fun :)
didn't see you at our last class;(  not like u care anymore...  what a waste of a outfit! sad :(
didn't think i would get to fly again so soon excited  
didnt have my best day at the track but ya know what the sun will still shine tmrw positive attitude :)
didnt have the guts to do it. disappointed
didnt think this would affect me that much :/ oh well; expectations were too high disappointed :O
didnt want to see the ending to the bruins game... disappointed
died 31 january 1606
din @ the cutest/trendy 2 story thai restaurant and now finishing my night w. endless episodes of sex &amp;
dis boy said d.rose trash 
dis nigga said write a poem negative
disregard that last tweet. i thought by kiss they ment kiss as in the band. disappointed
diss boy said he don't like dating black girls we are all the same negative <3
distance relationship negative
district champs! happy bobcattrack :)
ditto... except the early to bed part!!! nightowl &x201c; early to bed... early to  excited&x201d;
dj thinks he has good hair negative :)
dkm theres actually an online store specifically dedicated to ugly sweaters. excited :D
dnt wna be in that picture no mo! negative :@
do something today, help someone out you woukd be surprised how something so small can change someone else's day positive :)
do you have self-limiting thoughs take our quiz and turn your life around  negative
do you know the ingredient that brings us to a new level of joy, contentment and happiness  inspiremetoday
do you need a new home purchase, or refinancing loan i'll make your loan process positive,every step of the way. 
doctor...joy
doctors appointment bright and early joy :)
doctors at 9 am tmrw. checking up on my little guy. and seeing if my cervix is thinned anymore or if im dialated. :)
doctors. joy :)
dodger game saturday ohh yeah :)
dodger game tomorrow :)
does anyone wish they had a magicwand to make people see the positive in life and just be happy ido :)
does she do it like i do it  negative <3
does that mean everything you said to me was a lie sad :(
does you wearing a harvard shirt lead me to believe, without knowing you, that you're smart negative justashirt 
doing my math in the morning joy ... not :)
doing my part,letting go of what i can't control,trus god completely.no worries. positive thesis :)
doing your best too make somebody happy and getting negative feedback all the time  whats the freakin point ! :)
dominique fallin asleep on the phone &amp; he snores :/ but that's my boyfriend 3 but i'm catching some zzz's right w/ him goodnight(: happy!!
don&x2019;t just look at the circumstances; look above and beyond them!  positive-thinking
don't an act like you don't wanna talk to me in  public, but wanna have a whole conversation thru text and calls negative !! <3
don't ask me a question then expect me to beg you to do it negative ...do it or don't..come or don't come
don't be a worry wart, negative nancy, crap magnet or sad panda. life is way too short. stay happy, hoes. 8-( :(
don't be upset and caught up in something you cannot change. instead, move on and smile. you deserve to be happy. kushandwizdom happy :)
don't come kissing ass talking bout you miss me.negative
don't even know what to think anymore. frustrated sad smh :(
don't even know where i'm writing... joy :)
don't feel good. sick and depressed 8-(
don't forget to smile and be happy 3 good night everyone 3 :)
don't hold strong opinions on things you don't understand depressed sad 
don't lead me on broooo nope single happy :)
don't let anyone throw your past in your face. as if they were so perfect negative :D
don't let the enemy steal your joy :@
don't like that blonde bird on the apprentice. negative <3
don't like to hear my baby cry... makes me cry :'( sad :(
don't look like precious &amp;b cocky negative  <3
don't look so happy to see me garth. bestfriend homeboy happy  :)
don't make things up in your mind, because when someone doesn't play their part, it leaves you disappointed
don't mess up the love you have for what u want what u want can never replace that love that you once had! not worth it sad greys anatomy :@
don't mind if i do!   you are the bestttt happygirl delicious yum excited 
don't question your faith ! and accept gods will by all meanings positive ! :)
don't really feel like being bothered or talked to! my playful mood is below zero! negative! <3
don't really wanna talk to anyone. depressed 8-(
don't say you tried your hardest, when you didn't try at all..disappointed
don't send nude pics if they arent worth seeing!  smh disappointed!  lmfaooo
don't take all that pain.  please share . thanks.  :)))) pain positive love
don't take my kindness, for you having a chance with me. negative
don't tell me your going to do something, then not follow through with it. disappointed
don't tell my parents and i  that you're going to do something then go back on your word thinkbeforeyouspeak disappointed yourejustasbad
don't think anyonee cried at titanic as much as me chloe and mads. depressed 8-(
don't think negative dzul ! positive ! trying my best to . :)
don't think we gonn make it out the house tonite. it's on mayne! wine party friends happy   @ im so hood 
don't you see it it's right in front of your face but you just pretend that it's not there disappointed
donating blood tomorrow :) nervous excited savinglives! 8-(
done letting people get me down lately. this happy streak shall go on 3 positive :)
done math homework, time to dedicate the rest of the day to civics. joy :)
done packing. . head to vegas in a bit :) excited :D
dont get it twisted im not lonely negative i got a life.!
dont just survive!!....thats not what your are made for..instead live each day with purpose and passion...positive :D
dont know why i even try to dress cute. i end up looking like a piece of shit anyway. depressed nothingnew 8-(
dont let anyone get you down!! your better than that, keep your head up and stay positive :)
dont like me now ask me if i care! negative <3
dont like putting on bad shows that shouldnt be bad disappointed <3
dont try to talk to me when u got a girlfriend! negative
donuts for dinner :/ what happened to a homecooked meal disappointed
double it  next week! 6 active visitors on site happy! :d
double negative !&x201c; your transportation is ur skateboard um negative&x201d;
doug - damn wayne. u been in this same spot all night  ... they callin my room the depressed room
down to 92kg positive pushharder feelthefuckingburn mentalpush :)
dr aspinwall on shrink rap radio about positive psychology &amp; health. excellent speaker clearly explaining research. 
drama drama drama drama drama is all i read on twitter wtf...say sme positive shit negative ass ppl :)
drawing naked people again. joy :)
dreadz gettin retwisted tomah!!!!!!!!! happy.com
drinking war with the cat. sad noway 
drinking with kess and joy. below zero ang trip mga dre. at paseo de magallanes.
drivers ed next week with mitchell excited gonnabehilarious :D
driving home alone from cheer tonight listening to the radio, made me realize how lonely i honestly am and it made me cry. depressed  8-(
driving with brent for two hours. joy :)
driving..windows down..my new fave /one of the sweetest songs on repeat by  i don't know how it feels to be u :-)
dropped ma dad at d airport jetting off !!!sad
drove around msu campus yelling at dbags out of my window was a really fun happy :)
drs office joy....
dude at work on a thursday. word shatt, might as well eat good &x263a; positive :)
dude did make me switch my sig 3 times, sad :(
dude swear i want him bol......negative
dull weather this gloomy grey :(
dumbest fruit roll-up tongue tattoo ever! disappointed   
duncan should be funn excited :D
during that entire debate, i did not hear one thing about first nation people of ab.  disappointed abvote treaty6 ablib
dustin just told my mom she would look good in her small green tank top!  negative :)
dusty feet n u kno it sad :(
duval in the am excited :D
dying on the low low depressed 8-(
dylan came to tuck me in and we ended up laying in bed and talking. i love that boy and cannot wait to get an apartment with him. happy <3 :)
each journey is a work of art, you might notice it but it is ! positive :)
early ff goes to  for the ambassador of positive that he is!
eating  old valentines day spongebob candy depressed
eating chocolate till i get fat depressed 8-(
eating dinner across the street from my new place! joy rampartarms :)
eating hot fries and drinking a coke while talking to my.hubby about our future plans.  :)
eating mint chocolate chip icecream if only there were some hershey syrup disappointed
eating my weight in icecream after getting timelime depressed why whatisthis fuckfacebook 8-(
ecstasy + wine + viagra = 1 hell of a weekend :-p .. high happy &amp; horny :)
edited this one alott.. like it tho. had an awful nightmare and this kinda captures the moment gloomy nigh  <3
editing footage with   excited!!! 
editing my class activity list for my up coming classes... excited!! 1st 5 classes planned already :-)
eeeeeee my 2 most favorite people will be home this weekend perfect excited itsbeentoolong &x2764; :D
eep!!! zackie poo is on punk'd!!! :ppp i'm sooo happy :)
eh , why'd i forgive you  i can't trust you anymore so looks like i'm ignoring you to now . damn , can't trust anybody these days . sad :(
eh, it ain't even worth thinking about.  happy :)
either my tv is messed up or nick at nite is messed up. the sound isn't with the picture! i'm mad! it's messing up my tv show! depressed 8-(
el lazy ass  thought he was about to pay me 50cents to fix him some spaghetti! negative.
el macro section happy :)
eli young band tickets 
elizabeth isham, i'll remember you and your beloved great dane forever and i will share your tale with everyone i know. :'( titanic sad :(
emotional mess tonight.. why do i always do this to myself overthinker depressed 8-(
emotions get high and shit, i aint got nothin to do with that. like...what joy :)
en route to thunder park with ellie joy :)
ending the night on a good note:) happy :)
ending the week doing some work. two tests tomorrow joy :)
engiana done!!! happy :)
england is very annoying in this shitty weather! can't do nothing!!! gloomy raining bored! :(
enjoy lifestyle tips for healthy happy fetish indulgences!   howto
enough said.
enrolling in the cpa program  *.* excited :D
erasing all negative thoughts .
eric church, easton corbin, blackberry smoke &x2764; excited :D
errybody wanna b a red bone!!! smh negative
especially when they are doing segments on the ocean excited :D
essence music festival with my girls this year(: excited :D
et now wishes all viewers happy baisakhi :)
even possums want to learn about jesus, but  wouldn't go talk to it... disappointed
even the girl that always smiles cries every night but she is good at not showing it . 
even the weather knows my mood today gloomy cold 
even tho we only talked for ten minutes, it was worth it because it put a smile on both of our faces happy :)
even though i feel close to explosion after the amount of crap i've eaten today joy :)
even though i had 8 am, in a good mood positive :)
even though i waited an hour and won't be getting my dress till 2 days before prom, i'm so grateful for the ladies at nutinfits positive :)
even though i'm in pain, i'm going to sleep with a smile on my face tonight. :) happy :)
even when you have a terrible day, it can always get better. happy :)
eventhough there has been alot of negitivity on twitter.. i still stay positive yeah boi's :)
ever find yourself a little down or depressed &amp; unable to focus this tip works!  30secondmom 
ever have those days where you just feel off i'm having one. confused sad blah :(
ever sense i started rinsing and repeating hair has gotten madd soft positive but now my hair won't stay down when.i brush it negative :)
ever since 1d has come i have seen so many beliebers convert into directioners. disappointed
ever since my dads heart attack, my parents became huge health freaks. now there's nothing at all to munch on depressed 8-(
every human action, whether it has become positive or negative, must depend on motivation :)
every bad situation will have something positive. remember that even a dead clock shows the correct time 2wice a day :) positive :)
every break, oomf wanted to get close and communicate. this summer tho negative cuz i hate up and downs :@
every night i lay in bed wondering what if i had spoken up maybe then i wouldn't wonder, what could have been. hearbroken thinking sad
every night i put my headphones in, blast sad music and start overthinking its like a fucking routine stressed sad :(
every night. a smile. thank you. happy <3 :)
every single person that wants to get tutored walks in the center and straight to me negative statsonly bye
every time i tell people my major in school and what i do....they always assume i'm going to be a politician negative
every time toddlers and tiaras is on i whisper yeeesssssssssssssssss to myself joy
every time we talk, we fight. it's honestly pointless. negative
every tweet ain't about you ... and now you think this tweet is about you negative
everybody around me seem to be talking about jobs positive surrounding :)
everybody be tryna use my macys discount! negative lol
everybody coming back to school w/ their panama gear that cost like 100 dollars for a hoodie -__- &xe421; negative <3
everybody sleep &amp;&amp; i'm up dancing. lmao. sad :(
everybody swore up an down that i was tryna be cj step momma at one point. negative :(
everybody's all depressed dude. like wtf 8-( <3 :O
everyday can't be the best day ever, but best not to let the little that ruin it get to you positive :)
everyday its worse&amp;worse. depressed. needout.
everyday....sun n eyes so blind 2 stupid,  smile on face &amp; positive thoughts on mind &amp; haters r a waste of time! positive lovernotahater :)
everyone and everything is annoying the shit out of me today joy :)
everyone else..../3 :( 
everyone has a story, &amp; there&x2019;s a reason for them being the way they are. be careful who you judge..you don&x2019;t know them
everyone is going to the bar after the probate depressed&amp;underage
everyone is talking about thunder storms and hail. it's been sunny with like 5 minutes or rain total today where i live.  disappointed <3
everyone keeps saying my hair is getting lighter and lighter and that i should just go white! negative
everyone looks so depressed and lifeless at the u of a during finals... gloomy energyvortex 8-( :(
everyone's getting there permits and licenses, too bad i'm not even 15 yet. depressed 8-(
everyone's going off on these mad sad tweets baha :(
everyones leaving me to go to uni and am staying in liverpool depressed why did i ever give up london 8-(
everythanq he do is a complete negative
everything always works out how it should :) positive :)
everything has a positive &amp; negative outcome so choose wisely :)
everything has been working out so nicely happy  :)
everything i've ever wanted. it's been the best 5 months of my life3  boyfriend fivemonths happy  :)
everything is back in its place again im ---happy
everything is back to normal. happy :)
everything is slowly coming together.. happy :)
everything seems so much better in america.......... england your are shit get me out of this country! depressed 8-(
everything sounds good. but don't it always negative
everything you said you would never do, you did disappointed :@
everything's going to fall into place positive :)
everything's reminding me of you. sad :(
everytime he come over here he turn the channel to espn.. negative !
everytime i call him a freak or tht one convo comes up, you took advantage of me is said . lol negative
everytime i lose a follower i lose a little piece of my soul depressed 8-(
ew ew ew ew ew ew just remembered i have work in the morning depressed fuckthat goodnight 8-(
ew my mother wants to work out with me! she gone be following me around the gym like no other! negative ~! :@
exactly  don't sweat the small things...stay positive
exactly 1 month until graduation.. excited :D
exactly 12 o'clock and exactly 1 month for my birthday :d !!! excited :D
exactly one week until my birthday, license, and chris daughtry concert!!!! crazy how time goes sooo fast excited :) :D
exactly seven weeks until summer excited sunshine cantwait :D
excited for a 9'o'clock day tomorrow (: happy tired friday bday highschool lazyday (:  :D
excited for the weather next week happy :D :)
excited to be attending a photography workshop in two weeks.  believe it or not, first one ever.    excited :D
exercise is done :) positive!
expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be. findinghappiness love joy datingdiva <3 :)
expectations are always greater than reality shittynight disappointed
explore negative space and increase your perception in a spiritual art workshop with ron hornung at... 
express myself negative
f it going back too sleep.. disappointed
f you abc family... first prince and me, now a walk to remember depressed, finishingthesemandms
f.r.i.e.n.d.s. makes me happy no matter what :@
faaaaasho!(: excited &x201c; got the bottle for saturday with my girls. hollllllllllaa!&x201d;
facebook is pretty helpful when your prom date hunting sad :(
facebook is smthn else!! nthn hw it use to be!!! sad :(
failed my theatre test...but on the upside, i'm having a great hair day :) haha positive :)
failure in can'ts ! positive :)
fall semester 2012 lastsemesterofundergrad 3classes noclassonmondayorfriday senioritis excited :D
family day tomorrow. excited &x2665; :D
family fucking affair at the gym..... joy  :)
fantastic easter monday weather, wind &amp; rain...... gloomy :(
farting in ur car and coming back to the same smell joy :)
fat girl booty is no where near the same as phat girl booty... but cats now days don't care anymore. sad :@
father... there are things that i am incapable to quantify and unable to measure... such as the joy peace love you instill within me. &x2665;.&x2020; <3
favourite song! gloomy sleep party people - i'm not human at all 
feel like everything you hear is negative not here!  podcasts that will inspire you. <3
feel sick :( boo depressed 8-(
feel sick once again joy :)
feel so lazy depressed 8-(
feel so much better i actually don't mind talking to people lol depressed thank god for first priority 8-( <3
feelin alittle better positive :)
feelin down and out. sad pissed :(
feelin it's a movie marathon day. rain gloomy sadtweet :(
feelin niceee n happy for once :)
feelin' blue today. cold gloomy 
feeling  today gloomy :(
feeling depressed luckily none of my friends have replied to me so i have half a litre of skittles vodka to myself, woiiii. lifeofateen 8-( :)
feeling positive :)
feeling positive happy letitgo letsgoooo :)
feeling a little depressed:/
feeling good this morning! have a blessed day and stay positive tweeps! :)
feeling happy and blessed after celebrating my daughter's third birthday, she's truly a gift from above! happy :)
feeling kinda depressed today. maybe a little sick gloomy 8-( :(
feeling like i messed up. sad :(
feeling like i'm starting to get sick and i get to run the mile. joy <3 :)
feeling like shit!!!!!:) positive <3 :)
feeling more human this morning! positive :)
feeling much better everything happens 4 a reason. all in due time, me 1st &amp; for most. made my decision &amp; defin sticking to it. :)
feeling pretty low...depressed   holdinginmyfeelings
feeling rather positive i am happy in life, going to keep rising up &amp; laugh at all my haters &amp; people who did me wrong they the ones losing :)
feeling so much positive energy today!! loving it.  :)
feeling super blessed this morning by the lord's abundance and people who love me. joy <3 :)
feeling unappreciated and unvalued by those you appreciate and value most is not a good feeling. i find myself growing weary of it. sad :)
feeling very loving tonight.... happy :)
feels good to say i put in 14 hour days and still with a smile on my face. happy grateful  hustlerbaybay :)
feels lied toooo. sad dontknowwhattodo :(
feels like gamer rehab :( sad depressed 8-(
feels like he spends more time with everyone else depressed 8-(
feels like heather trott after what i've eaten tonight  fatbitch greedy depressed  8-(
feels rough!! joy :)
feels so down today..  gloomy :(
feels so good to be around my girls again.    happy :)
fellas i am sorry to inform you that you can not force a female to gv u their number or sit in ur ride o_o um idk you maaaann negative 8-(
fells like he did something wrong depressed 8-(
females get niggas killed and dey don't even know its there fault... sad :(
ferguson stairs ge me mad tired. atleast my legs &amp; calves are on point  positive :)
ferris wheel rides santamonica joy  [pic] &x2014; 
few minutes away from burgos circle. meeting up with elowis!!  excited lol
ffs don't do depressed.com,  etc etc etc get a frigging life,    oh n still lookin for jelly :)  :O
field trip all day tomorrow, thennn having a great weekend :) excited happytweet :D
filled to the brim with hate. negative mental outlook
finaallyy recorded with 0 mistakes \o joy :)
finale of upallnight sad secondseasonplease  
finally 100 followers :p happy win finally  
finally a guy whos not like most guys happy <3 :)
finally after 5 hours i found a prom dress excited  :D
finally after a long time was able to sleep till 9 without sunlight in the face. gloomy :(
finally at home in my own bed it's comfortable but i'm depressed 8-(
finally ate ! happy :)
finally brining myself to watch the one tree hill finale othforever depressed crying etc 8-(
finally cracked my screeeen.  my baby is brokennnnn! depressed 8-(
finally detention finish! happy.
finally done work... now to spend the rest of the night studying for my psych quiz tomorrow morning joy :)
finally everything is working the way it should be!! happy(:
finally finished all if the hunger games  books amazing sad happy :)
finally finished mockingjay.. having withdrawal symptoms already :( addicted depressed 8-(
finally finished my papers, now its time to read joy :)
finally finisheddd happy :)
finally get to sleep in my own bed happy :)
finally get to sleep in tomorrow wow excited :D
finally getting around to detailing my living space. 530am wake up call... joy :)
finally getting some beauty sleep.. big/long day tomorrow crazy excited  :D
finally going to have long hair again. excited!
finally going to sleep happy :)
finally going to slp.. sn: boyfriend coming tomorrow ^_^ excited :D
finally got my dotting tools!  :D
finally got my niece's birthday gifts!! excited spoiled home :D
finally got my phone back happy yerp :)
finally got some overdue alone time with the boyfriend tonight! :) happy lovehim :)
finally got some yogurtland:) happy fat :)
finally got something good excited :) :D
finally have a prom dress! yipeee excited :D
finally heading back down to the eug! commute joy :)
finally here in oregon :d happy :)
finally here. annoyingplaneride joy :)
finally hit 3000 words. 5000 to go. joy :)
finally home happy :)
finally home happy :)
finally home after a great broadway musical uptown! happy :)
finally home and already want to go back to europe timeofmylife depressed 8-(
finally my stuff is coming to my yard this thursday after a very long wait :d .. joy :)
finally showed up early for $3 thursday and of course it's the week  decides to wait until later to give out shirts disappointed
finally single digits. happy excited groomsupport :) :D
finally tuk that drug test lol. negative : )
finally!! haha happy happinessproject book   
finally!!!!!!! happy :)
find joy in small things, even if that small thing is crawling all over the weeds in my garden.   
find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. joseph campbell. :)
find job candidates hidden...  camera candidates find future gloomy hidden predicts psychic search
find the joy in every day!  says to shop like a boy   family zen joy <3
find the joy in every day!  says to shop like a boy   family zen joy <3
find the joy in every day!  says to shop like a boy   family zen joy <3
finding a pencil with an eraser on it joy mathmajor :)
finding old stuff that brings back so many amazing memories 
finding out that you can't play football next year :(  
finding out your best guy friend/brother isn't going to garces next year  :)
finished editing my audition tape! exporting now, and then the terrifying submission! fingers crossed folks! nervous excited dreamjob 8-(
finished everything! well not every everything, but most :) happy :)
finished my cna workbook, now have to wait for the class saturday joy :)
finished my drawing... :) happy :)
finished my essay! oh look its 8am  30 mins to spare joy :O :)
finished my lab report before 1 win on to the 23 page study guide for at joy :)
finished my resume for my internship tomorrow excited i hope i get it ! :D
finna sleep my day away depressed 8-(
first at sections. state here a come 4years happy :)
first day not texting him in almost 2 weeks  sad
first day of class today. joy 
first hockey game is tomorrow(: countingdown excited :D
first saturday night in morgantown with my bestie from high school this weekend (: excited :D
first show tomorrow night :) excited almostmaine youallshouldcome :D
first time for everything....enjoying my first time that my car has broke down! joy :)
first time i weighed myself since the beginning of the year happy  progress :)
first time not drinking or going out in 7 days. feels so weird depressed 8-(
first time to be in bed before 2 in a longgggg time. gonna be a good night sleep  happy :)
fishing tmrw with da boyfrann! gonna need a lot of weed &amp; food.. hehe excited watchoutfishies :D
flint is to murder happy shit sad :)
flip flops baseball cap makes me happy depressed 8-(
fly over states... everytime i hear hit makes me more homesick... oh kansas and missouri how i miss you. sad :O
flying to vegas tommorow!!!!! sun excited :D
fml seriously. hated this day. feel so bad. okay byeeee ;( offline depressed 8-(
fml wanting to order these shoes but i dont have my credit card sad :(
foam party sucked so bad disappointed
focus on what you want to grow.   parenting depression anxiety change freedom positive mom
follow  she brings a lot of positive energy and is very resourceful ! darockerz :)
follow disorder a tribute to the sounds of joy division joy division ian curtis :)
football. in this weather... joy :)
for a second i thought everything was going great but no, now i go back to being same old depressed shelb who doesn't want to go anywhere8-(
for a second, i thought tomorrow was saturday. disappointed sotired
for anyone going to the chicago concert only 49 days! :) and we will be witnessing what sydney is tonight excited :D
for me to be fucking w/ gaddist like i'm really gone smoke!! lol negative <3
for new sun, a new day has come. rejoice in the lord always and again i say rejoice joy :)
for now, i'm done with everything. cutting my pone off, too. depressed 8-(
for real nicca must've thought i was one of these materialistic chicks negative  i try ... 
for real though i wish i couldve seen  's lecture at nyu. he probly spoke based and many positive words.
for real what kinda ladies are you talking to no self-respect. no diginity. can't even use the proper language and sound educated. sad :@
for the better part of 6 years i've been leading prayer meetings on friday nights with glorious comrades. tonight will be my last set. sad :(
for the first time everything is so clear to me fu goodnight happy :)
for the stupid amount of people doing icantdatesomeone do you think people are doing a check list of the things u say! negative
for what you did to your boy, makes me wanna lub him. latenightconfessions. beashamed disappointed subtweet
forearm stand joy work portland yoga   @ hot yoga for life 
forgetting a twitter password is the saddest shidd ever, finding all those followers again.. sad .. :(
forgive me for saying this but i want to make sure you heard me. i was nominated as newsmaker of the year!  i can hardly stand it! excited :D
forgot i still have so much homework tonight just keeps adding on to my wonderful day tired grumpy pissedoff sad annoyed  :(
forgot my laptop charger at school. i feel like i only have 17% of my life left... sad :(
forgot that i have to bring makeup remover and makeup to theatre the next couple of days. joy :)
forreal just got my heart broke.. never felt like this disappointed :@
foulin the shit outta them niggas. fuck the league rns disappointed
found a brand new pair of headphones in a drawer wherehaveyoubeenallmylife happy :)
found one mutha effin meatball in my whole can of spaghettios and meatballs disgusted disappointed
found out my mom is taking me and the sis shopping, dinner, and the movies on sunday blessed happy alltheabove hahaha  :)
found out too much stuff tonight disappointed
freckles are out. joy :)
freckles have popped out joy :)
free   well matta fact negative lmao keep his azz kml!!! :D
french fries with out ketchup  disappointed
frequent lightning and lots of thunder! i'm soooooo happy! sanbruno bayarea cawx 
freshh starts are always good!!
friday 13th is going to be a positive day, because that is what i believe, and therefore it shall be positive :)
friday 13th tomorrow... :)
friday is here yay!!! been waiting for you all week.... excited :D
friday is supposed to make me happy, but i know it's my last day off for easter... college monday depressed college 8-(
friday night lights is on and i still can't believe i'm done all 5 seasons. depressed 8-(
friday the 13th .. wah badluck joy :)
friday the 13th everyone. watch out! excited :D
friday the 13th is always my favourite day :) excited lucky :D
friday the 13th or not tomorrows ganna be a good day! so happy!!!  :D
friday the 13th piercings&amp;tats uhh what's next!! excited idk what to get lol :D
friday the 13th tomorrow :o , excited to see what crazy shit gets thrown my way . :D
friday the 13th, hmmm can b extremely lucky no! always look at the positive side :)
friday the thirteenth started out pretty good happy :)
friday tomarrow. happy :)
friends with benefits!!!! happy :)
friends yeah okay. disappointed :)
froid!!!!! ///~&x2665; 10'c france happy  iloveu with_me
from the looks of it don't seem like im getting a frappe for the night. bullshit negative <3
frustrated beyond belief. just want to be done sometimes. depressed angry mixedemotions :@
fsg are not messing about ruthless but what iv read positive moves :)
fuck  zimmerman &amp; fuck &x2b06;&x2b07;&x2b05;&x27a1;&x2197;&x2196;&x2198;&x2199; whoever thought that pussy would of got freely negative
fuck ate all my peanutbutter cup from hodgies. depressed bye 8-(
fuck i have to leave my house at 7am tomorrow &amp; drive an hour to pickup my baby ! worthit excited needsleep :D
fuck i need to take a shower sad bored alone :(
fuck it, i'll pull this shit off, beingy positive. lol
fuck me! how do i let that happen to me! disappointed
fuck me, i'm all wet. soaking wet and now i'm cold. depressed 8-(
fuck nevermind there wasn't a new one sad :(
fuck sake, got my friday the 13th bad luck already joy :)
fuck this going to bed, better play better on game 2 disappointed
fuck this shit im not going to school tomorrow my exam is in less than a week and im going to fail.. positive :)
fuck this... gonna watch the heat game instead... disappointed
fuck you i can not take this shit anymore
fuck you petsmart... i just wanted to get my mom a kitten for her birthday. disappointed
fuck you phoenix, fuck you bitter disappointed :(
fuck!! lost some work i have to hand in on monday :( someone save me!!! depressed 8-(
fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! capsplayoffs ihateot depressed 8-(
fuck, i lost that kids number. sad :(
fucken bulshit!!! what the fuck! :(
fuckin pussies! :)) happy wired shit :)
fucking gorgeous depressed 
fuk niggas &amp; fake hoes ---- negative effect
full day of revision and helping around the house ahead of me joy :)
full house at stitch and bitch joy 
full metal jacket... sad icried :(
full transcript of lil b lecture at nyu...   positive really insightful....
fun night. :) happy :)
fun with dad summertime summerfun fatherandson surf vacation happiness joy hap  @ drake's island, me 
funny how i love you can go to i hate you in such a short amount of time sad ohwell :@
funny how i'm stuck at home with angie doing this ' group assignment' while  the rest of my groups at pub night.... joy a+foreveryone :)
funny how your day can go from being a bad day to a good day in a matter of minutes thelittlethings happy :)
funny i just laugh everyday  i have new eyes and they are just silly it's the joy cuz i don't care bout folks like i used too :-))) <3
funny movie, sushi and brownies.. think i am done for today!! happy :)
funny thing, i have the exact opposite feeling joy also i don't like ricky romero when the red sox aren't crushing him. <3
g ada mention sigh wat gue!  :( sad :(
g'morning twitterland, stolen moments here :o sending u love joy compassion peace for hopeful thursday *purr* <3 :)
game night at church...we lost! :( sad :(
gas for the car- $20 :(
gaspesieeee 2morrow happy :)
gave away the cat /3 sad missyou
gee! joy :)
geeeeez i love my life and my friends in it! blessed thankful happy <3:)
george of the fucking jungle was on hbo and i turn it on and its the very end depressed 8-(
get home &amp; who mouth i hear...tasha!! mamma wanna be trying to fuss at me abt some bowls n the refrigerator negative not abt to go down.
get my truck back tomorrow after school! can't wait! excited :D
get tested ppl real shit :D
get to see  tomorrow!!!! :) excited willbethebestdayofmylife
get to see diva tomorrow too
get to see him tomorrow
get to see my bestfriend tomorrow after like 3 months excited <3 :D
get to see my girl  tomorrow :) excited
get to see my sister finally itsabouttime 3years toolongggg
get to see my uofh loves...!!! excited :D
get to start my day off with a porno movie in art class joy :)
get to wake up at 5 tomorrow. joy..
gets me everytime :) happy :)
gets to see my sister tomorrow excited :D
getting 10 runned in slow pitch softball
getting 2 more shots! joy sarcasm :)
getting 4 hours of sleep  oh well,i'm still gonna have a good day (: positive :O :)
getting a 96 on my science test and getting prom decorating almost over with! winning...kinda excited for prom now! (: :D
getting a mani\pedi tomorrow excited :D
getting a monroe soon yep yep excited :D
getting all sweaty after you wake up from a nap.  and now i get to go to dance joy.
getting back to daily positive thinking and affirmations affirmation positive  :)
getting caught up on bigbangtheory love laughing joy <3 :)
getting cut was the cherry on top of my perfect practicum day. joy :D :)
getting emosh because i'm not at the show :( :D :)
getting excited  for something  then  something  comes up and everything's ruined  :( disappointed  remisad :D
getting extra large servings at kfc because you know someone who works there joy :)
getting glasses tomorrow, joy :)
getting home all excited to see jayden and he's asleep ....... depressed 8-(
getting home and realizing grey's anatomy didnt record miniheartattack depressed 8-(
getting kissed by the cutest little boy in the world made my night happy babies cute :)
getting let down is the worst disappointed :(
getting my joy back. one day at a time! :)
getting my belly button pierced tomorrow :) excited :D
getting my cravings happy fatgirltweet &x2764; :)
getting my hair done takes forevaaa. but i at least get to catch up on the tabloids. like now i know that josh lucas got married depressed 8-(
getting my new gages tomorrow!! 8-(
getting my new phone either monday or tuesday!  8-(
getting my next tatt hopefully in 2 weeks (: excited ready  :D
getting my stitches removed today...joy
getting my truck in around a week
getting off this, disappointed
getting prepped for my new 4pm hatha class yoga work joy 
getting ready for swlyon excited :D
getting ready for cheer tryouts tomorrow!!! excited nervous ready ohyeah ((: 8-(
getting ready for the  concert tonight! :) excited
getting ready for tomorrow. excited :D
getting ready to go coaching in the rain with my u11's team...ssgs on the plan for tonight, high tempo &amp; plenty of ball work. positive :)
getting scared to tell this person that i like them nervous excited yolo positive-thinking 8-(
getting that ice cream would've been so clutch sad :(
getting the prom playlist invite, and you're just like yup...i'm going. depressed <3
getting this essay out of the way, sending it in, and then ... sleeep 3333 excited
getting to play in my first game tomorrow! finally excited :D
getting to sleep in tomorrow! yes excited &x2600; 
getting up at 4 am joy sleepingthewholecarride :)
gillian just told me she's not coming to my wedding... notokay depressed 8-(
girl guide cookies... not as good in milk as oreos..... disappointed faultyproductq :)
girl scout cookies used to taste better back in the day. disappointed
girl time with my bestie  happy
girls just wanna have fun en merengue :( sad :(
girls teeth who throw up gang signs  negative
girls these days out scheming in flats. come on boo get it together. sad pathetic :(
girls with muffin tops and think that its cute
give her some time if you care about her.. everyone need their time alone.. just don't ever let go.. positive :)
give me shoes to draw and i'll be happy &amp; shut up :d joy good morning!  :)
give more, expect less. joy :)
give people a chance, they might surprise you! happy :)
gives up studying in favour of stalking own facebook timeline. sad pureentertainment :(
giving relationship advice &amp;&amp; i dont even no where my relationship is at this point sad&amp;&amp;confusing :@
glad i am out tonight! happy :)
glad i have sarah to be here for me tonight.. i'm just sad blah :(. goodnight y'all.. :(
glad my results came up negative &amp;&amp;im gone keep it dat way
glad you called me(: happy :)
glad you had a great day! &x201c; had a great day today :) positive&x201d;
gloomy hill [dart rail station train transportation gloomy day   @ forest/jupiter station   :(
gn tweets gotta breakfast date in the morning excited :D
gna attempt runnin for 50 min today joy :)
go into class sunshine come out gloomy stormcoming ihope :(
go to facebook and like my new photography page !!!! :) you won't be disappointed more to come very  
go to make popcorn for a minute and while ur making it the team wins in overtime!! firstworldproblems depressed 8-(
god has commanded us to be joyful. no circumstance and touch real joy. :@
god has done 2 maaaajor things for me this week!! didn't expect it, but i'm running with it!! excited rj :D
god i am such a girl hahah happy  :)
god is good and i am now on the path that he wants me on. letting all problems go. positive me :)
god is great! put up all the lies you want and say but you will be exposed! happy :)
god is so faithful... freedom awe joy :D :O :)
goddamnit its been a whole day why can i still smell her on me sad :(
goin to bed dreading school tomorrow... another day in hell...  :(
goin to sleep smiling bc it was a good day and night happy :)
goin to sleep. spending the day with my ill man! excited :D
going away would be fun, but this break has been really good happy :)
going back blonde either this weekend or next:) excited i miss my blonde hair :( :D
going back to my hometown happy^^
going on a family trip to sacramento.. to visit my cousin miguel. excited :D
going on a field trip with my friends for  2 days.. excited hope everything is gonna be allright friday13 :) :D
going out for a ride around the block. maybe i'll get lucky and find a pile of cash to go to the a2a convention:/ depressed 8-(
going shopping.. by myself. joy :)
going sky diving for my sisters birthday so in case i die  can have all my crap and give it to whoever she pleases! :} excited
going to another  gig tonight. time to get excited
going to be a long day tommorow bed  happy :)
going to be a looooooong ass day joy :)
going to be playing my full             black diamond orginal track tomorrow at electrotistic! excited
going to bed depressed :/ 8-(
going to bed depressed.
going to bed happy :)
going to bed sad :(
going to bed crying once again. :(
going to bed early, turning the phone off! depressed thanksalot :(( 8-(
going to bed happy and feelin good:) zzz goodnight positive :)
going to bed with a smile bestfeeling happy ilovevacation :)
going to bed with a smile on my face.  happy :)
going to bed with a smile on my face. couldn't ask for a better night :) happy :)
going to bed with too much on my mind is the worst, cant sleep can't think can't do anything, thankgod im seeing a doctor 2morrow depressed 8-(
going to bed without you saying goodnight to me mean disappointed overit suckstosuck
going to bed. sad :(
going to bed..  :(
going to bed....sad
going to catch a few winks with  b4 spain in 4 hours joy
going to defrost, shove my face with food, &amp; pass out excited :D
going to explore what cleveland has to offer this summer, its parts of cleveland i have never heard of &amp;i been here all of my life u_u sad :@
going to get my hair cut :s scared excited and then clubbing tonight :d with my work girls 3
going to go and see my baby today excited :D
going to hangout with my grandpa for the day. joy :)
going to listen to odd future... sad :(
going to look at houses tomorrow after school, excited.
going to look for prom dresses this weekend:) excited :D
going to look vintage tomorrow. excited whywasiborninthewrongdecade :D
going to new york next spring break band excited alwayswantedto neverbeenonanairplane :D
going to pass my permit test even if it takes me 392929 more tries positive :)
going to pass out,goodnight(: happy :)
going to prom with a date. :dd excited that school is ending so soon. but i know i'm going to be the most emotional person there. -_- :D
going to sleep happy :)
going to sleep :) then waking up to go to valdosta to visit shannon! excited :D
going to sleep and there is going to be a box on my porch in the moring with a beautiful prom dress in there. positive :)
going to sleep in a good mood. only you can make me feel like this(:  :)
going to sleep not talkin to my baby:( sad :(
going to sleep with a  smile on my face. happy :)
going to sleep with a smile friday happy :)
going to sleep.. thinking about him :)&xe328; excited :D
going to study korean lessons this saturday. excited :D
going to the doctors. joy :)
going to the school to work on a group project joy :)
going to the shedd tomorrow w/ kylie, duncan &amp; ashante. lol. excited :D
going to virginia next weekend to see uva's  campus. excited :D
going to visit the necropolis below st. peter's basilica today. excited :D
going to watch thehungergame with  and my brother in law(: excited bonding
going to watch the cabin in the woods tomorrow! :) excited :D
going too bed disappointed 
going too bed. crying sad iloveyou :(
going tutor joy :)
going up to bethany 2morrow  :)
golden temple kirtan live at home on the blissful day of baisakhi. joy :D :)
gone off xo smellin like happy <3 :)
gonna be a gd day positive&amp;motivated
gonna be a good day tomorrow (; happytweet excited :) :D
gonna be a good weekend excited :) :D
gonna be a sister in-law, bridesmaid and an aunt this year  excited cantwait &amp; it gets better: studying 2 wks in italy so soon!  :D
gonna c my bub on saturday after 9 months w/o her!! :))) excited 2daysss! :D
gonna cry even more when they dance and sing to tattoo! cause im proudofjusticecrew yet depressed cause i dont get to hear it. 8-(
gonna do my nails then hit the sack :d  8-(
gonna enjoy what i have, not a worry in the world! 3 happy 8-(
gonna experience cath lab later for my elective training! excited :D
gonna get a lot of shit done this weekend, then celebrate!!! absolutely cannot wait 2 relieve myself from all of this school work! positive :)
gonna get stuff done before work today! positive :)
gonna go crawl up into a ball for a couple of hours depressed 8-(
gonna hang out with my first friend from killeen excited :) :D
gonna lay outside and do absolutely nothing. i need peace and quiet. stressed and depressed 8-(
gonna meet some of my fellow green knights tomorrow 8-(
gonna party tomorrrow night can't wait excited drinksup :D
gonna pick up my son saturday...excited
gonna try out for the next star! gotta stay positive ; this is my dream :) :D
gonna wake up early round' 6am to handle some bizzness. and continue to keep airthang positive :)
gonna wear my floorpunch tomorrow happy :)
goo look at your bio joy :)
good ass birthday made good money at work my baby jamie chung said happy bday and i've been feeling the love from last night to today happy :) <3 :)
good company good buzzz always brightens ones mood happy =) :)
good day :)
good day today happy :)
good day! got sweepstakes for uil, hung out with my favorite people again. happy :)
good day!..finally i got to do that again :d happy :)
good day... stayed laughing happy :)
good friday always seems to be a terrible day outside. windy rainy gloomy :)
good friday service was sad...good thing i listened and wore that gray skirt cuz everybody was in black gloomy :)
good game to the blackhawks, sorry you guys couldn't pull it off. disappointed 8-(
good mornin to anybody dats positive :)
good morning happy friday&x263a; :)
good morning positive people! remember to spreadpositivitynotwar today &amp; always :)
good morning :) hoping everything goes well for me today, so many things are just ahead of schedule. positive :)
good morning is a new day rise and grind blessed positive motivated :)
good morning lovely ppl... have a blessed productive and positive day... when you truly care about someone you don't just think about you :)
good morning loves...affirm today that you are only maintaining positive &amp; healthy thoughts, people &amp; relationships in your life! :)
good morning loves...sending positive thoughts your way &amp; affirming that we all are blessed with success, love &amp; wealth in our endeavors! :) <3
good morning people rise and shine positive :)
good morning tweeps...its off to the daily grind for ya boy entering this day lookin to be productive n positive :)
good morning twitter positive :)
good morning world 3  :)
good morning! :3. ce soir le week end happy :)
good morning! time to prep for atlantis today. hihi excited :) :D
good morning, yyc! you look like i feel today. gloomy needmoarsleepz :(
good morning.  positive attitude :)
good morning...:) today is 13th d friday but be positive about the day, then surely everything will be good... :)
good morningggggg beautiful souls! say a lil prayer &amp; you're ready to start a fantastic day! smile! positive  *snowman hug* :)
good night happy . :)
good night!:/ sad :)
good night. happy goodnight :)
good score needed tonight. managed 9 pars and a birdie on sat. the rest were 6's &amp; 7's. gotta be better! positive :)
good thing i'm getting nonstop phonecalls from all my cousins crying about me not going to florida for the first time in 18 years depressed 8-(
good think i'm seeing my boyfriend on national kiss day  excited :) :D
goodmorning twitter goodmorning facebook. be productive be positive and lastly read dandk besos a todos 
goodmorning guys! it's fridaaaaaaaaaaaaay! :d happy yessur fckyeh :)
goodmorning! headed to class &x2600; staying positive results in positive! optimism :)
goodness, i got a lot of retweets on my last tweet! happy (: :)
goodnight happy :)
goodnight . keep it tstyle . positive trevantenation ....... ohhh yeah ..... i love trevante halliburton nuffsaid . 3333 <3
goodnight gram, i love you =/ sad :(
goodnight team romes happy :)
goodnight twitter. school tomorrow and we find out about encores and espirt nervous but excited at the same time 8-(
goodnight! positive :)
goodnight! back to sjc bright and early excited  breakfast
goodnight!!! :) happy :)
goodnight. tomorrow will be a day of deep thought. i am scared and excited. but i know in the end everything will be okay. positive love 8-( <3
goodnight..weekend coming up. happy takecare :)
goodnightttt:) happy :)
gooodnight happy anothernightinnewyork bye :)
gooood lawwwd. sad :(
gooood morning. woke up on the right side of the bed this morning. hope everyone has a blessed and positive day. :)
gosh!today is national kiss day and i gat no peep to kiss sad :@
got  digital album here at smfairview! i wonder how i can listen to this right now. haha excited :O
got a backwards seat all the way home joy :)
got a mention sayin followback but you didnt even follow me -____- negative
got a story to think up for english, a maths practice paper, an art project and have to revise all of the sciences in the next 4 days joy :)
got a text saying they thank god for me. sweet iloveyou happy <3 :)
got accepted to una today!! winning excited happytweet  :D
got advanced tickets to see thefiveyearengagement but the theatre was too full and didn't get to see it.  disappointed noroom
got again: education and businness forum-pertamina foundation .our best efforts to make this event a success! excited :) :D
got all excited because i thought i spied a public enemy cd at the library. turns out it was a puddle of mudd cd disappointed :@
got all exited bc i saw my phone blink, but then realized it was blinking yellow bc my battery is low. disappointed
got another 4 hours left of my shift joy :)
got excited for nothing :( disappointed :D
got her and she's all mine happy :)
got in the bed thought i'd b goin to bed soon negative&xa0;
got my joy&amp;painco pins courtesy of  thanks papo.  <3
got my alarm set for 10:05am so im up and ready to see my girl  tomorrow 3 love ya!! excited <3
got my ass kicked in bowling by my mom disappointed embarrassed lol
got my basketball shoes for this summer! excited flight shipquicklyplease :D
got my call early :D
got my college roommates in the mail today !  :D
got my hopes up for nothing.. sad tweet :(
got my i phone stolen from the rec center today depressed phoneless...... call my phone til someone answers fuckme 8-(
got my mouthwash! wooooo! stoked happy cleanthisbitch :)
got my new braves shirt today :) excited :D
got my phone call happy :)
got my phone today. i just wish my mom wasn't too tired to activate it. disappointed
got my soup happy :)
got my tickets to see katchafire!!! i'm at the mezzanine next wed. night!!!! yay!!! and i get to see common kings!:) happy :)
got nothing done but i don't care happy:) muchneedednight
got paid today. first check of many that will b put back for the motorcycle  excited :D
got picked for another fashion show but cant do it ): depressed 8-(
got so many things to do &amp; people to see when i get back in rob co... excited :D
got so much planned for my week off busybee :) positive :)
got so much to do its unreal. negative.
got some new gear tonight vikes excited 
got spencer his tux, picked up my dress, got a necklace, setting up a hair/nail appointment, tanning... readyforprom yay excited :D
got the bike license :) happy :)
got the chips... got the cheese... but where's the fucking salsa! disappointed
got the ringtone maker app for my iphone! now i can hear kaidan can talk to me every time my phone rings/i get an email or text. joy squee :)
got to study for four test tomorrow. joy :)
got turned off when i thought about who you fucked with. toomuchforme negative
got two goldfish tonight. happy :)
got unfriended by someone i liked , a year ago ... i really think he doesn't want to have communication with me . sad :(
gotta num feeling cuz i'm broken right na. missin something way deep dwn inside. but gotta stay positive.
gotta sign up for the talent show tomorrow excited  :D
gotta stop going back to things that don't workout disappointed
gotta take the metro/train to dorval joy :)
gotta work 13 hours tomorrow and a good friend is leaving for afghanistan... sad day :)
grand rapids show nothing like a show in the d! disappointed <3
grandma gave me 100$ jut because i joined the military.. best thing that's happened to me all week. sad ilovemygma :)
grandpa sayin brotha ..negative
grandpa, i don't like seeing you like this! :( get better3 sad <3 <3
grateful for everybody i have in my life. happy trulyblessed :)
great day at work today....lets hope friday13th is positive :)
great day now a depressing night idk how to tell you what i really want to say and you ask but i say i'mfine when really im not depressed 8-(
great day today! :) happy :)
great day with  i could say that everyday though.  happy ptl
great family night happy :)
great night happy :)
great night at the gym. happy climber :)
great night so far happy :)
great night w/  tonight. no school tomorrow! college day to ou! boomer excited :@
great night with my girl! :@
great start to spring break :) happy :)
great start to the day.. excited :D
great to see increasing activity on the umbdkfest hashtag for our event in aarhus tomorrow umbraco excited: g... 
great unsolicited feedback from guests at nec dinner about  - positive future thinking innovative education solutions
great way to end the night:) happy :)
great, driving lesson and its raining joy :)
green day is releasing three new albums how is this even possible happy :)
green paint in my hair joy :)
green tea smoothie king disappointed
greg sargent: happy hour roundup  greg happy hour roundup sargent :)
greys anatomy soon!! excited :D
grimm tonight on jacktv. :) excited! happy friday the 13th, everyone! :)
group work. joy :)
grubbing...!!! whoop !! life joy happiness love tacobell 
gt study hall tonight... depressed lol 8-(
gucci always ends his verses yellin , like raising his voice gonna make is part cold . negative -__- <3
guess he just lit the candles for his video game. disappointed
guess her county ass thought she could say wat she feel  negative
guess i got my hopes up for what i thought would/should be a good night negative :)
guess i should study for anatomy joy :)
guess i was wrong and freaked out yesterday im not such a big waste of your time after all stressfreenow happy ;d :)
guess i'll go to sleep like the  did !!   disappointed <3
guess i'm better off single , being with seine who yells at me like a child  i'll pass .. i fucked up  tell me ! don't go off  <3
guess i'm not worth it... sad :(
guess people change, and i guess we're not friends. disappointed
guess the rumors about you were true
guess who got he's phone back...  backontwitter joy :)
guess who just purchased 2 1d floor tickets right now! :d i did! yeah baby! excited onedirectioninfection :D
guess you made your decision disappointed
guess you're not who i thought you were disappointed
guillaume apollinaire
gunna cry my self to sleep again depressed. leave me alone........
gunna watch that's so raven excited and after that... malcom in the middle... i miss these two shows.
gurl just fired up a blunt right infront of lower manely smh lol negative
guys are so desperate nowadays smh sad :(
guys who wear slides with out socks  negative dmvbus teamfollowback
gym workout today, just did jump manual then is chillin before playin xbox 2k12 sa bluewave excited :D
h-15 see you in jakarta  excited always....keep smile..love from indonesia to superjunior^^
ha. this nigga said when he step it's gone be a rap haha negative .!
had a positive talk wit my brova  last night...expect big tings! nosticxvsthebest canada2usa hiphop spreadtheword
had a bad day ;( nothing impressed me at all sad :(
had a change of scenery today, stuck in traffic in oxford instead of birmingham :-/ joy :)
had a few ask to be they baby mama haha negative
had a goood time at the track meet with my babe, you did great. i'm proud of you :)  happy iloveyou :)
had a great day today :) positive :)
had a great day today :) positive
had a great day:) positive :)
had a great night with the friends! 3 love them so much!! happy grateful <3
had a great time tonight, my baby took me to miranda lambert couldn't be any happier happy :)
had a gudd day talked to my besti  i was excited  :D
had a lovely catch up with  now back to revision joy
had a pretty good day (: positive :)
had a real dose of negative shite from someone extremely close to me today about what i'm doing with my career / it's like seriously doo 1 <3
had a really good day. thanks to some awesome people lovingmylife happy <3 :D :)
had a very productive day, laundrys done &amp; put away, dinner was good &amp; the house is spotless. now time to relax happy :)
had a wonderful night happy godisgood :)
had an amazing day/night :) with  
had an amazing workout this morning! now read reveiw and practice quizzes! joy :)
had my fun for the night. its paper time joy :)
had other plans of where i wanted to be. but when i see my son's smile, i know this is where i'm supposed to be joy love beauty <3
had such a great day today:) happy :)
had such a wonderful day today happy :)
had the best date night with the sweetest  guy ever .  :)
had the best night thanks to you :) ready for this weekend excited <3 :D
had the most incredible session with   - i felt like i was walking on clouds all last night!! gratitude joy <3
hah. you're joking! i'm not dancing for a chorus class. negative
haha done hating on lbj but straight disappointed
haha my ma crazy ii love her . . lol ! tired . .  night 3 . .happy! <3
haha nothing but your t-shirt happens to be a song stuck in my head.. :) and yep i'm a crier but not at the moment! happy :)
haha you think you know a person. disappointed canttrustanyone
haha! thats funny alden: i wanna throw this chair because jesus is so good. joy anger idk
haha!! good woman maybe good enough to be on my hip negative :)
hahah i lik how  ppl blow up my time line bout my ex bitch you act lik u had ah time of day negative
hahaha player player my boo just tol me 2 cancel on my nigga 2nite lol negative
hahaha this is early for me sad :(
hahahahaha!!!!!!!!! cheri u better marry me or i'll kill u!.....he claim that's how he propose negative
hahahahahah. never let it be said that i don't know how to build suspense and torture you all. joy :@
hahahahahaha damn wen the heat lose my tl be so dead and depressed 8-(
hahahahahhahahahahhahahaha - wala lang. happy lang ako :) cheers :)
half a day at school tomorrow! joy!
half day of school for me tomorrow yep my moms the best happy lovemymom :)
half expected you to check on me. disappointed
half of the people i grew up with are now just people i used to know sad :(
half term off peak travellers joy ...take me back to the peak time commuters, atleast they are quiet from a hard days work sleepytime :)
half the girls i've fucked with i don't remember their names sad.
half way mark!! there are experiences that are priceless. joy milestones ithankgod :)
halfway there to purchasing my ipad 2 excited :D
hamden here i come.. joy :)
hanging out with an old friend tomorrow :) cantwait excited :) :D
happiness is a choice, choose happy ! positive :D :)
happiness is not something you experience, it's something you remember. joy :D :)
happy 18th birthday to my best friend in the the whole wide world  i love you dumpling! see you in 42 days positive :) <3
happy 2.28 year.. lmao god you're the best. happy :)
happy 9th anniversary to my homeboy, my partner, my love!!!! i love you babes!!!! love happiness joy allgod <3:D :)
happy :) joy :)
happy about positive ads for positive change  refreshing approach to politics :)
happy country music makes me want a girlfriend lol positive :)
happy day play happy - nevershoutnever :)
happy day!! glad to be home and getting back into the swim if things.  :)
happy grilled cheese day!!! happy yum  :)
happy happy happy! birthday !  would you like me to go public on instagram &amp;  too  will that make u excited  :) <3
happy national grilled cheese sandwich day, everyone! cheese joy sandwich love meltygoodness omnomnom :) <3
happy new year! happy songkan day!!! happy thailand :)
happy one year to the best boyfriend in the world! i wish you were home so we could celebrate! iloveyou nextfriday excited :) :D
happy pancake, anyone breakfast food bangkok thailand pancake happy smile  :)
happy pollapla, goodmorning songkran day happy    pudding_to :)
happy songkran day songkran happy  :)
happy songkran day!! songkran happy rayong! :)
happy songkran everybody ^^have a nice on long weekend happy songkran thailand :)
happy thai new year &xe056;&xe030;&xe303; songkran festival cosmos flower nature flores thai thailand happy newyear   :)
happy thursday everyone!!! cornell gay friends happy   :)
happy to say i have a great boyfriend and things have been falling into place lately positive  :)
happy trails  negative :)
happy tweet:  change is good.  change is life.  change is inevitable.  stay flexible!  life happiness positive :) :D :)
hard day at the office and training tonight! joy :)
hard to be positive on a day like this. doesnt mean i wont try. todieforphotoaday   <3
hardest breakup i've ever had to witness ... sad :(
harness the power of the secret to transform your life into happiness, prosperity, health, love and joy 
has a feeling its going to be another one of those nights joy :)
has a stalker now joy -_- :)
has a total of 3 swimsuits that barely fit me.... of those 3 only 1 looks decent :( depressed 8-(
has had the best month of my life. can't wait for more to come :) happy :)
hasn't been in this good of a mood in a long time :) happy :)
hasnt been the best week but today has been wonderful and im in the greatest mood. positive allsmiles  :)
hate age why can't everyone be the same grade depressed :@
hate being sad . specially when i have no reason to be.. fml :@
hate being judged over something i didn't do depressed cantfocus :@
hate everyone at home who's getting rain. depressed :@
hate finding out things out the blue:/ depressed! :@
hate getting my hopes up disappointed :@
hate having nothing to wear when the parties on sat depressed :@
hate how sean is still in bed, joy :@
hate it when there is nothing to do! depressed :@
hate rainy days. makes me feel do dead .... i guess its time to do laundry n some major cleaning! rainydays gloomy :@
hate that i'm not playing up to my full potential. disappointed :@
hate to feel this way :( gloomy :@
hate watching happy movies, they make me depressed :@
hate when i need a moment of solitude and i'm stuck at school depressed :@
hate when she doesn't text me..i'm lost  :@
hates being disrespected! negative
hates losing friends. expecailly when you thought you guys were the best of friends. depressed 8-(
hatred paralyzes life; love releases it. hatred confuses life; love harmonizes it. hatred darkens life; love illumines it. mlkjr positive <3<3 :)
have eaten 2 literal tubs of food today not to mention 20 cake balls. couldn't have had a better birthday!! happy  :)
have fun! shopping need to get ready to go out. &x263a; mall day w/ joy.
have placed my bets on the grand national     iwillwin  loa positive xxxx :)
have self belief. you can be your own master. life can be full of joy and happiness in the most simplest of things. joy :) :D :)
have till april 2oth to come up with 7oo$  or i cant go back to school until fall .... salt sad fml . :(
have to put my dog down really soon); :(
have u ever felt that u cried so much that u don't have any tears left. feeling disappointed
haven't been watching the bulls lately:(
haven't gotten on much today, because i've been so busy. omfg. school, then the okc thunder game tomorrow night, excited :D
haven't had a drink n almost a week and my body is going thru withdrawal sad .. ima fight this joint cold turkey!!! :(
haven't heard plies in a while but his song just played on the radio -_- he should kill himself right now...plies ...negative
haven't laughed this hard in so long happy :)
haven't seen alabama all day. depressed 
haven't smiled this much in a long time.  :) happy :)
havent been in such good mood for ages. happy happyme :)
havent been upset in while.... oh man. im smiling tho ;) it dont phazee me.it annoys me. positive ! :O :)
having a bad day but i choose to be positive :)
having a blast in aptos with     happy
having a convo don't try and talk to me if ur heart is somewhere else negative
having a mini taco bell feast!  happy love food taco bell yum  
having a really bad day.. tired homework headake assholes joy :)
having different quotes everywhere in my room makes me happy. positive.
having lunch with my mother and my sister. good stuff. love joy happiness   :)
having medication on an empty stomach joy :)
having one of those nights. depressed 8-(
having someone u used to be able to share everything with, and now can't relate to at all  sad shithappens lifechanges
having to leave my mom again depressed 8-(
having to tell people things that hurt them but only doing it for the best. sad :@
hawks... disappointed
hayden pennetierre or whatever the fuck her name is is fuckin ugly. disappointed
he  hung up on mee , sad :(
he asked what i wanted to be in life... i told him happy :)
he be usin our  friday get togethers to make moves...... nah homie, keep that at the door! negative
he betrayed his brother over a bitch negative
he claims he gott a summer job joy :)
he clean up when he depressed lmao what type of nikka he is 8-(
he energy u put out is definitely the energy your going to get back! positive :)
he has barely any followers, smh. lemme fix this lol joy :)
he helps me, and my heart is filled with joy! psalm 28:7 totaltrust joy :)
he is amazing beyond words:) happy :)
he is just so sweet. happy :)
he is so charming!!!! tweegram dream happy twitter light awesome smile guitar joe joebrooks charm 
he make me sick texting me bout how you, yatted and can get any bitch negative!
he makes me so happy :)
he makes me....... :)
he really dnt kno how much i love &amp; care 4 him bt i hope he see it soon sad feel like crying :(
he really made me mad tonight ): disappointed
he told her the only mistake he made was marrying her ...... sad :(
he with a condom is pretty whack tho... negative lol
he's always on my mind.. never leaves it and never will.. (: 
he's baaaaaaaaaaack!!!! :d guess who got he's phone back... backontwitter joy
he's talking about he's about to come over here umm negative!!
he's the sweetest happy :)
head rush. joy :)
headache to round the week off joy :)
headed to plymouth in the morning to see  excited nosleepforme missingyou
headed to the dirty d tomorrow with kimba and craig! excited :) :D
heading to dog class... joy :)
heading to nashville, tn in the morning excited :D
heading to the airport in 6.5 hours. excited nervous fridaythe13 8-(
heading to work on my fitness. i'm actually seeing results these past couple days. positive :)
heard two great news this evening, hope to hear about the one that i've been waiting for so long also :) positive :)
heart break is a feeling u cant explain cus yo actions explain it noteating crying depressed layinginonespot down 8-( :(
heat are way to sloppy. bulls deserve it disappointed
heat dropped the ball man disappointed . time for sleep.!
heat gave them the game in ot disappointed
heat killed me today -.- smh disappointed
heavy breakfast = the itis at 9am. joy :)
heck yes ! my parents got my report card &amp; i got two a's &amp; two b's! winning happy relieved. :)
hehe bored lol happy pinklips messybun bun dork faces smile   
hehe.... hello hey 420 cigs awesome trees rtrees paper thuglife happy chill 
hell naw!!! negative &x201c;  ummm lol we look like we boutta take a w right now lls.. ...  <3
hell yeah and that aint reality!  ppl be gettin they confidence from facebook &amp; instagram likes/ comments   sad
hell yeah, go ravens!! starting one tree hill with natalie excited
hello kitty. hellokitty saga sharks safeway picstich happy cute  @ safeway 
hello twitter. i'm so in love :)   happy <3
her technique of mindfulness has kept her happy &amp; slim and trim. goals relationships selfexpression success 
her voice is magnificent for age and she deserves to win. america voter wrong this time but judges used their one save :) happy :)
her: did u cum :)
here comes the sun gloomy sky eerie silhouettes day    
here we go! today and then tomorrow to pull through, which i can easily do !! determination and positive attitude :)
here's an epic advise before i go to sleep ^____^ positive :)
hermosas. roses birthday mother joy 
heroes may comes once,but legends will be forever! joy :)
hes using that photo again :) happy :)
hey  what piece will you be teaching excited brainbangmanila
hey guys!!!!!!!!! im about to take the d step! im about to freak
hey you!! yea you reading this right now. your are going places in the future. don't be so hard on yourself. your time will come.positive+
hey. hey guys guess what. :) group date with nick tomorrow :) ya. you be jealouss ;) extremely strangely happy :)
hi, my name is mariah, i have a birthmark on the back of my elbow.  my elbows are really ashy... :(  depressed 8-(
hi- i love my job :) bathandbodyworks work happy  <3
hiccups for the fifth time today joy :)
high on life! happy excited :) :D
hills and valleys, hillsss and valleys. positive vs negative :)
his dad thinks it's cute.. negative !
his phone died on our conversation n he just toldd me some really bad newz i haven't cried n forever dat all chanqes ta night depressed 8-(
hit my double today:)  excited :D
hitting rock bottom means that you can really only go up stay positive
hm the joys of wearing 2 pair of glasses in the cinema. one for my blindness and one to get a 3d headache joy :)
hm, lost on law school hill with no pants to keep me warm. joy :@
hmm. this weather reflects my mood. rainy gloomy :(
hmm.. weird weather this morning.. sandiego gloomy sunny drizzling :(
hmm...might be grounded later... joy exceptnotreally :)
hmph. thinking friendsgoingaway frustrated sad :(
hockey playoffs have been amazing so far. and all the game 1's haven't even been played yet! happy :)
hoe didnt even have gas money to give my partner to get her and her child bck home.... tuh but wanna get on twitter and pop!!!!! negative
hoes wlk'n around look'n likk clowns nowadays....wit all dis fck'n makeup on....sad
hold upp, gotta do something. brb joy :)
holiday blues suck!!! depressed . 8-(
holiday's have gone a little to fast for my liking...depressed
holy shit my phone deleted jacksons message. hatemylife killmenow depressed can't ever get that back. :'( 8-(
holy shit! excited nrl fangirling gctitansfamily 
holy shit, the noodle is taking me to lunch! what a terrific surprise. joy enchiladas :)
holy shit.... my mom will be here in the morning! weird excited :D
home before 6pm for the first time in weeks. joy :)
home time excited :D
homework time joy :)
homework time. yayay joy sike :)
homework timee. joy &xe40e; :)
honestly i think its worse when a girl cheats on a guy. girls already suspect its gonna happen but a faithful guys get heartbroken sad :/ :(
honestly with everything i have to do this weekend i wish it was over. sad stressed :(
honestly, im shocked that my dad doesnt mind me going to a 1d concert...this is going to be different for me...happy :O
honestly, though, knowing our luck the vet check in a few weeks will probably determine that something is wrong with it unlucky negative
honey oldbag happy kiami living  @ kiama 
hope everybody has a blessed and positive day! :)
hope everyone have a positive day.... :)
hope i make you the happiest boy ever&x263a; happy lovelovelove 
hope the sun makes an appearance today. gloomy :(
hope their happy :)
hope you stayed positive! i meant to txt  back but only if she knew how my day went
hopefully get the job tomorrow!! anxious nervous excited 8-(
hopefully i find a roommate by mid june! excited :D
hopefully i get that call today...positive
hopefully my sister will have my niece sometime in the next few days!!! &xe328;&xe328;&xe328; &xe139;&xe139;&xe051;&xe051;&xe314;&xe314; excited :D
hopefully plans for tomorrow go through :) excited :D
hopefully today is a better day :) positive :)
hopie we'll be lucky tomorrow ! ! 3  positive faith
hoping     and  have a great show! couple more months til nc! excited
hoping and wishing for the best. that's all i can do right now.
hoping that all goes as planned for this weekend excited :D
hoping tomorrow i can smell and taste everything i once enjoyed before this monster entered my body. goodnightofrest positive :)
hospital tomorrow joy :)
hostel part 2 is not nearly as good as the first one disappointed :)
hot shit coming this summer sooo excited :D
how sexualorientation affects mentalhealth experience. posted on madvocacy  bisexuality positive negative access
how am i supposed to go to prom with a splint cast... disappointed
how bad is it that i wanna go to sleep for a long long time hibernation seemslikeagoodplan sad :(
how bout these guys get their own twitter instead of hacking mine beg sad louis :(
how can a couple be weak together ! hahaha sad :(
how can i be positive when i live with people who don't care, and the 2 siblings i have only care about themselves. disappointed :) :D
how can i stay positive when lil b follows lame bitches and not me :)
how can things work out, if only one of us has faith in this working... depressed worried sad persevere 8-( :(
how can you mean everything to me and you don't even give a fuck depressed 8-(
how can you take a classic, strip it, add your own meaningless words, and call yourself real wackassrappers disappointed
how come every freaking time i feel like my life is getting better it's just getting worse
how crickets taste like shrimp o_o negative <3
how depressing is that gloomy 
how did i ever like you! glad college changed my view on friends and boys. there really are good people out there. happy <3 :)
how do just walk away from the only thing you know sad confused :(
how does a boring debate factor into the polls abdebate stillundecided disappointed
how does that make you feel badass it makes you look stupid -.- disappointed
how he gonna do that when got a job joy :)
how i feel right now.. cantsleep sad 
how i look right now... depressed 
how i'm yo bby bt yu ditch n me fa lames lol negative
how is it that i still have not seen american reunion disappointed mustsee
how is someone supposed to be so sure about what they want to do in life what major to major in in school confusedtweet depressed 8-(
how long can this drag on!! this is ridiculous, im so tired of this. syria depressed iwantoreos 8-(
how long do you go on after you've completely given up i can't hold onto something this hopeless anymore. gloomy :(
how much i miss all the people i have lost, makes me not want take life for granted. guardianangels depressed  8-(
how stupid can you possibly be disappointed
how the fuck does sprint turn my phone off at 1 in the morning negative its called autopay so fix that shit imgoodnow
how to be happy: happiness habits for veterans  happiness :D
how to cope with negative psychic vampires and conserve energy  :)
how to create an abundance of happiness in your life  positive
how to do you get your joy back you worship god. this works 2 ways - we enjoy what god has done for us, and when... 
how to profit from a positive mental attitude 
how to recognize positive signs and intuition 
how to wake feeling positive 
how we having a private conversation.... but you talking loud as hell lol...negative
how you a hoe when you at a party dancing on ppl  where they do that at  just asking . 
how you suppose to be a dike &amp; you have african twist, wtf.joy
how's thee game 
hp blonde para is better! just found multiple ways to get sniper loop off airthrow! also, parasoul 3k color is the best. joy
 there's a coke machine in singapore that gives free cokes if you hug it. why don't i live in singapore joy delicious :D

 joy
 oth onetreehill seriesfinale sad
 my kinds ladies.  cake joy love
 the joy of life.
 beautiful missing him sad : (

 
 positive music worldmusic
 allows searches for positive and negative tweets, this can help if you are looking for business complaints.
 very excited $____$

 

 

huey mack's call me maybe remix is garbage. disappointed
huge shopping spree with my friend today! excited :) :D
human sexuality. negative
humaygawd! i got infected. i'm positive. :'(
hung drawn &amp; quartered for high treason happy birthday 
hung out at vinyard farms this morning. wish i could spend every am feeding baby goats and making turkey friends before class/work joy :)
hunger games was not as good as expected disappointed :)
hungry...snack bar is closed. food is in someone else's room....sad
hunter telling me i looked beautiful tonight made my day!!!:)
i disappointed because kevin smith was following me and now he isn't :(
i hashtag crying loopy sleepy excited i hate dumb twitter. :@
i really need a ride to the dance depressed &xe413; 8-(
i think i've got over my negative moments now .... we'll see.
i &x2764; pr puertorico river trees green nature joy pr instagram instatravel instapictur  @ puerto rico 
i . must. study. going depressed tweet 8-(
i act okay but inside i'm hurting. depressed 8-(
i actually have the entire day off tomorrow... i could cry. joy :)
i almost had to catch a fite in tha rec today kuz some nigga thout he was finna jump stupid wit me negative
i always have a chuckle to myself when my professors say, so you when you did the reading... negative
i always think ima take a lil nap get up in the night n do work ...negative
i always think of the worst possible outcome. negative
i always wonder if some peoples oomfs is me haha negative :O
i am blessed beyond belief. being a mommy truly is a joy. yes it's tough, but the reward outweighs the difficulty by far.
i am happy in selecting ya green girls to celebrate the stpatricksday of pure sex! xxx - 
i am imperfect yet happy just the way i am! :)
i am a bitch and probably going to hell. imsorry depressed 8-(
i am actually dying inside that one direction's concert starts so soon and i'm not going. :( sad :(
i am all the time feeling my phone vibrate but then realizing it didn't disappointed
i am back in england, joy :)
i am blessed to have her beside me happy :)
i am def abt to be up waitn i kno he think ima be sleep negative
i am homophobic though, not gonna lie, look how much girlz deh bout, how yuh fi turn the other way, sad :(
i am innocent  cat looks like it's a prisoner lol.. photo cat happy content spain <3
i am pumped for lil' wayne's new album devol its love songs he wrote in prison new perspective but it should be interesting excited <3 :D
i am really really tired notmyday gloomy :(
i am sick.. :(
i am so happy right now! love smiles scoremylife! <3
i am so absolutely excited to move into our new house. absolutely excited :D
i am so excited about every day we're together. idk how i'll deal without you. sad :)
i am so freakin upset right now i can't even describe how i feel disappointed
i am sooo tired, but soo happy. today is just a wonderful day joy :)
i am starving!... and mom left me a potato. joy :)
i answered the phone to justin's butt call and he hung up on me.  :)
i apologize for being timid. some people can only take so much. negative 8-(
i asked my dad if the prius is mine and he said no.. depressed 8-(
i asked my mom to get me a dq sundae with cherry on top... and she made fun of me about the cherry :( sad :(
i attract douche bags. disappointed
i barely have time for myself wat makes you think i have time for bullshit negative
i be havin crushes on gurlz till i get em then i quickly lose interest sad :(
i beat you at the game you taught me to play sad :(
i believe all bathroom ladies are depressed 8-(
i believe in my team and fans so much!! positive :d :)
i big reason why you are relevant are due to negative things!!!
i blew my entire life savings trying to win this penguin fuckmybutt 3bucksapop depressed 
i built a bridge and got over it. happy  :)
i caint lie dog , im gettin weak &amp; im tired of actin like i don't miss you because trust me , your all i can think about :( depressed 8-(
i can admit i lost one fight! after that...think i was ever gonna lose again negative
i can already tell things have changed. sad :(
i can do all things through christ hopeful optimistic positive :)
i can do this! ---- what i'm going to try and say the whole day tomorrow. positive
i can do this... positive :)
i can feel you slipping away.... depressed 8-(
i can lift as heavy as you. i just do it with lipgloss and painted nails ;) 8-(
i can make it today. i can! positive positive positive :)
i can never drink tea when it's just been poured, but then i leave it too long and it's cold depressed :@
i can never get what i want,and keep it. depressed :@
i can now imagine myself reading lady midnight  by  sometime on 2015!! :) excited
i can pretty much say that i have a boyfriend! :) super happy :)
i can see him doin a song with kanye or fab but jay negative
i can see the coachella fest lights beeming up in the sky 3 excited
i can tell i'm about to have an amazing day excited :)))) :D
i can tell when people are high off anything! and you my dear are always messed up. sad :(
i can't believe thelostboys is tomorrow and i'm going home tomorrow for the weekend depressed superobssessed 8-(
i can't believe  is going to be gone all of vacation. depressed :(
i can't believe  now disappointed
i can't believe he spoke to me and expected me to tell him happy birthday uhh negative :)
i can't believe i have less than a month left of school... where did time go i remember my first day of freshman year. sad :(
i can't believe i lost my chapstick! depressed 8-(
i can't believe it's almost been a year, i miss you so much uncle tom /3 sad iwishyouwerehere
i can't believe my manager thought i was really bout to let her know the password to my phone, uhm negative !
i can't believe national grilled cheese day is during passover!!!!!!! depressed 8-(
i can't believe that i'm gonna meet greyson. excited :D
i can't believe the blues lost disappointed
i can't believe this girl seriously trying to get me to try out for wssu cheerleading team....negative
i can't believe what i had been missing out on. this boy is so sweet. happy :)
i can't believe your really goin. i can't believe your already gone.  :)
i can't deal with all this bull i see on my tl , goodnight  everyone . disappointed
i can't find my kat. . depressed
i can't fuck with oomf anymore, smh your name keeps popping up in too much skit that i frankly don't want to hear..
i can't go a week without hitting her line sad :(
i can't seem to find my happy side depressed cantfigureoutwhy 8-(
i can't spell for shit. sad case. :(
i can't w facebook right now everybody was his wife and all these bitches was his bestfriend negative
i can't wait for my covers to get out the dryer..fresh covers are the best!! excited lol :D
i can't wait for you to be mine. :) 3 happy
i can't wait till i have my own apartment this fall excited comesooner :D
i can't wait to camping with the boys. excited :D
i can't wait to get this paper back.. nervous but excited! 8-(
i can't wait to lay in bed excited :D
i can't wait until after prom to get my belly button pierced excited :D
i can't wait, excited :d 
i cannot wait for this weekend, shit is about to be crazy omgoodness excited !!!!!!!! :D
i cant be in walker with no phone ! negative :@
i cant believe i left my dr pepper at school!  :@
i cant believe im fat. depressed 8-(
i cant believe spring break is almost over!!  sad :(
i cant even squat down without my knees hurting and that includes the non-injured one too sad :(
i cant hate you because its not in my nature to hate ! positive :@
i cant miss my mtg tomorrow. dapat umokay na.. positive! thesecret
i cant play nobody back up plan negative
i cant put any of my hoodies on...they dont fit over my splint sad. i need a guys hoodie
i cant remember the last time i was really happy. i fake a smile so no one see's that im hurting inside. 
i cant w8 too hear wat  has for us ! excited!
i cant wait for this summer.. get an apt in lax, get a full-time job, and take summer/online classes planfornow excited :D
i cant wait to do this again happy :)
i cant wait to see how awkward my life will be tomorrow. joy :)
i cnt stand people who either think theyr too good, all that, stay in drama, or jus forever got sum shyt goin on -__- negative
i come down to sell in calgary.. and i get this bullshit! disappointed   vivintgang  :(
i consider my everday posts similar to prayer flags. i try to post them weekly to manifest joy compassion gratitude &amp; understanding :)
i could care less that tomorrow is national kiss day... singleprob butnotreally happy :)
i could eat this all day long joy  
i could get used to this.. thanks for being there :) bffff happy loveyou  <3
i could of done a lot better at gymnastics! disappointed
i could use someone to talk to right about now. depressed 8-(
i couldn't be any happier! i love my family, friends, &amp; amazing boyfriend  :) beyondbleesed happy <3
i couldn't be happier with my life :) i do not need negative people in my life
i couldn't be more content with my life(: happy :)
i couldn't have asked for a better day happy :)
i def cant be on  like tht... all my friends on  think they can rap now...-_- negative... stop tht shit.. rappin aint for everybody <3 :)
i delete corey from my life.. he taking oomf on prom cause she paying for everything including all his shit. smh lol sad :(
i didn't even get a grilled cheese today. whatupwiththat myfav disappointed 
i didn't know people still say you envy me or use the word envy period, yet alone uses as a twitter name. negative getyourlife
i didn't make it to finals, guess i'll be back next year. disappointed
i didn't realise you had to be such a prima ballerina to be in the phantom of the opera :( i'm never gonna be in it gutted depressed :@
i didnt even eat grilled cheese on national grilled cheese day. and that's like my favorite food. disappointed <3
i didnt saw him : happy :)
i discovered the secret for maintaining a positive attitude,  :)
i dnt get jealous i just dnt like fa anyone to dwn grade and still be saying they use to fuck wit me negative u make me,look bad <3
i dnt knw why  think she was stressing me negative
i dnt see hw ppl cn jus willingly sit in the house all day negative
i do miss you but i know it is better for us to have distance because friction can make a spark witch turns to fire. sad life:/ :(
i don't  understand why everyone likes the game draw something so much disappointed
i don't care about what anyone thinks, happy! &x263a;
i don't care notification for  . i'm now reach 12000 tweet!  joy 
i don't do fat; to the track i'll be going tonight. depressed 8-(
i don't eat junk foods and i don't think junk thoughts. 8-(
i don't follow to many pretty girls. sad :(
i don't get how anyone has ever found me attractive mindblown uglygirlproblems sad :(
i don't give up on the heat, but i have lost all confidence in them! disappointed
i don't hate you, i'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you would be! disappointed :@
i don't have a friend that i could say happy barfday to. sad :)
i don't have it in me to go the extra mile tonight. projectduetomorrow depressed. sigh.
i don't know how anyone puts up with me, i don't like myself one bit, none of me is good... depressed sadtweet lonelytweet 8-(
i don't know how i'm going to be able to get him back./: 8-(
i don't know what i'm doing right noww.. at all depressed 8-(
i don't know what the fuck is wrong with me... depressed 8-(
i don't know what to say.. 8-(
i don't know what you were thinking but i sure hope you realized you fucked up on that one disgusted disappointed
i don't know what's wrong with me sad :(
i don't know who i am anymore.. disappointed dontbelong
i don't like negative, ppl in my life <3
i don't like getting yelled at:/ sad :(
i don't like happy tweets. negative <3 :)
i don't like living in such a fucked up world depressed 8-(
i don't like tthese conversations. sad wtfdoisay ! :(
i don't see what i don't have, only what i've been blessed with. happy :)
i don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight, i'm just so stoked for  in vancouver! excited cantwait
i don't think i've been this happy in awhile(: happy love thingsaregood :) <3
i don't think it's possible for things to get any worse for me right now. worstspringbreak depressed complainingtweet wahwah 8-(
i don't think this will ever be what i want.. disappointed
i don't trust myself around you. disappointed
i don't understand how y'all had the lead and lost the game by ten disappointed
i don't wanna be cool with this mf so now he wanna talk down. sad :(
i don't wannaaaaaa disappointed
i don't want a dude that bad that think he can serve me bull crap and i'm gonna come eat it negative
i don't want it to end &x26be; depressed 8-(
i don't want to kill myself. i just want to die depressed 8-(
i don't want to see anyone. i don't want to talk to anyone. just wanna be alone. nothappy depressed 8-(
i dont &amp;&amp; cannot trust anyone disappointed
i dont even know what i'd say to you. disappointed i actually believed the bullshit. damnit
i dont like:  got more followers than me ! depressed      :p
i double fact that my nigg pain is inevitable. suffering is optional ! positive
i expect so much from my friends because i actually take friendship seriously. obviously some of them don't disappointed :)
i expected more from you disappointed
i expected this twitter fight to be so much better disappointed
i fall asleep thinking about you happy :)
i fall in love with celebrities a little too quickly. this is one of the many reasons why i'm pathetic. sad :(
i feel depressed just thinkin' about oomfs. 8-(
i feel all puffy and swollen. tears cry cute adorable girl sad  
i feel bad for  the man wants to play the game he loves and would even do it for charity and nobody will give him a chance sad
i feel like blaahhh. this weather sucks ass gloomy :(
i feel like falling off a bridge depressed 8-(
i feel like good things are coming my way. positive <3 :)
i feel like i actually choose the right thing this time!! :) excited!! <3
i feel like its juss a whole bunch of females shaking they a** sad :(
i feel like kids these days are goin nowhere fast :(
i feel like lamar odom is the joke of the nba right now sad :(
i feel like my heart is dropping every 5 minutes. depressed 8-(
i feel like the only thing i can turn to when i'm upset is my damn pillow! disappointed <3
i feel like this time around things won't get better. &xe403;  <3
i feel like this week just flew by. it was a great one,  i got a fun weekend ahead of me! excited <3 :D
i feel like watching the little mermaid..why do i not own it fuck sad :(
i feel like we had nothing between us. like we had nothing.  you know what i mean that one person. feeling depressed <3 <3
i feel like your slave i always do what ever you say or want.. sad :(
i feel so down rright now idk what i did wrong but i think he's mad at me! :( sad :(
i feel so fucking down and depressed idk wut to do i am really going through it or putting my self through it depressed :-( 8-(
i feel so good today.  happy positive life :)
i feel so guilty on weeks where i get really busy ..my guitar just looks at me and says, plaaaaay mee :( depressed 8-(
i feel so sick.... and i have class until 9:30 joy :)
i feel that you just don't except it yet..sad
i feel yu bro! dnt make no sense! foulin the shit outta them niggas. fuck the league rns disappointed :@
i feel... sad depressed dark gloomy  
i felt stupid cuz i actually trusted you even after people told me not to , in the end i really should of listened to them -.- disappointed
i figure if i can make at least 1 person laugh a day i'm fulfilling my duty to this world, by spreading joy :)
i figured out my wifi code(: happy!!!
i figured since i ate breakfast i wouldn't be hungry until at least 1:30-2:00!.... negative
i finally feel like life is going great for me for once. happy <3 :)
i finally found them.!  happy :)
i finally got my ticket! going back to brazil in june! excited and sad at the same time :x 
i find  voice so relaxing -perfect for this gloomy day in london town
i find out all the bad things you said about me a year later. i shouldn't have trusted you imdumb disappointed
i forgot about coachella! excited :D
i forgot how sad it was when bambi's mother dies. depressed 8-(
i fought with so many guys for u.. 8-(
i found it!!! my leopard print underwear that's been missing! lol happy :)
i freaking love when  doesn't do what she says she is going to do. notsurprised disappointed <3
i freakn love cold case !! every episode tears me up no joke !! (: sad true stuff cop jobs csi&amp;stuff  :@
i fucked yo bitch lol.. now can u say the same thang to me.. negative
i fucking messed things up!!!! badfeeling sad :(
i gata press the bk button a thousand times to get sm.action..i only gat 4 buttons n one malfunctionin so my buttons 75% efficient negative
i gave u 3yrs of my life only for u to screw me ova every other day...now u want me to deal wit dat for the rest of my life...negative
i get amused when ppl think their opinion means something in reference to me negative
i get good service by my window.. sad :)
i get more joy out if giving, than i do being selfish. :)
i get off my truck , and some guys from far away yell  joto  that means fagget in spanish . joy
i get so happy everytime my coming host family is mailing me! joy :)
i get to close tonight. joy :)
i get to get up at 8:30 again. joy :)
i get to pick up my prom dress tomorrow :d excited :D
i get to see my best friend tomorrow :d happy :)
i get to see my rho lambda boos tomorrow excited you know we gotta turnup :D
i get to seeee davis tomorrowwwww :D
i get to sing if you stay at my broha's wedding... ughhhhhhh. bomb digity. yeahhhh mannnn. excited :D
i go to sleep so happy cause im living what im talking about an what ever im saying or said its always gonna be true ..positive :)
i got tipsy with my sister and her friends tonight :) happy :)
i got 123 friends online .... &amp; i only know 16 -_- sad :)
i got a 5 page case study due tomoro &amp;&amp; not 1 iz done soooo that would be a negative
i got a big weekend ahead of me... excited :D
i got a feeling that you didnt keep that deal we made sad :(
i got a whole weekend ahead of me &x263a; excited finally :D
i got grass on my sperry's. i don't approve. negative
i got my  shirt today! :) excited comfy 
i got my first congrats for my birthday from the sweetest person i ever met 
i got my hopes up thinking you could actually buy tickets for snl. i guess i'll be standing in the standby line for a few hours then. joy :)
i got my phone back and i like it a lot lol hmu  :)
i got on this chilis shirt ..everybody keep asking if i work there ! lls negative
i got rid of the bad and now i finally have everything i need happy content :)
i got some forces ... but i never wear em  sad :@
i got tested yesterday lol negative
i got the giggles for no reason while getting ready today... joy :@
i got the job at cleveland state university! lucky1000 joy :)
i gotta pee soo bad but don't feel like gettin up sad :(
i gotta ve in the smallest ihop ever damn dis shit sad :(
i guess after you turn 21 drinking is really not that much fun huh disappointed 
i guess i have a little gap between my legs :') happy :)
i guess i just thought tonight would be different and you'd prove me wrong disappointed
i guess i should go to sleep now so i'm not cranky for bucsh gardens tomorrow stoked excited :D
i guess i'll log on facebook sad :(
i guess i'm a lump sided lover!  :(
i guess im only saying this because we havent done shit in any of my classes all week. but im sure it will come falling down next week! joy :)
i guess it falls into the same idea in woman's eyes that all men are assholes and jerks no such thing as a good guy wrong false negative :@
i guess my followers thought i was in a good mood! negative i tol yall i hide behind the smile! cuz the news i got today smfh, disappointed :)
i guess my wall is gonna be 110% more beautiful with my 13 new posters. oh &amp; 2 free jambas :) happy   :O :D
i guess now woman think the secret to a relationship is to thinklikeaman...negative....god made adam an eve for a reason
i guess she automatically think we friends now .. negative ! :)
i guess the fish just aren't biting :( sad :(
i guess the texting and hugs are over with now lol well i be dang smh disappointed
i guess trying to get famous by being a stripper or a video hoe , is the next big thing in our generation. sad :(
i guess we aren't pretty... sad tweet. depressed  :(
i had a great night being single, doing me! positive happy :)
i had a pretty amazing day honestly. i don't think i've laughed so much in my life happy :)
i had a really fun night tonight. happy :)
i had a wonderful day :) happy!
i had an absolutely great night, and tomorrow is an easy day. :) happy :)
i had no idea how well things were going for me. depressed :@
i had to break the rules tonight :(  :@
i hardly ever watch tv anymore sad :(
i hate  for not visiting me tonight. disappointed :@
i hate admitting this, but i really miss running. depressed :@
i hate bitches who think everyone loves them negative dumbass :@
i hate complaining about coaches, but damn... not just talking about our own coaches either disappointed icoulddobetter :@
i hate crying :,( i wish i could cuddle and be held right now sad :@
i hate death so much. depressed :@
i hate everybody and everything right now  annoyed confused sad mad :@
i hate everyone :) positive :@
i hate feeling like this.  :@
i hate going to bed in moods like this. sad :@
i hate having friends cause all they do is come over and drink my sunny d sad   :@
i hate homework&x2614; i wish i could forget about and just play basketball depressed :@
i hate how ppl get a lil something and forget or say fuck the person/ppl that helped them get that lil something they got smh sad :@
i hate how this week went by so fast depressed :@
i hate it how people only hit me up when i can't do anything that night disappointed :@
i hate it when people change and best friends become total strangers. sad reality :@
i hate missing you depressed :@
i hate mrs schdmit tryin to make me start the whole course over :@
i hate my life so much. butitcouldbeworse depressed :@
i hate phone calls at this time.. lol negative :@
i hate saturdays ! gloomy :@
i hate seeing my good friends go through so much crap after so long... depressed :@
i hate simple minded bitches and a drunk bitch that can't control or hold they liquor sad :@
i hate the way these fuckin' meds make me feel. depressed to the max!  ugh :@
i hate this feeling. disappointed :@
i hate this weather gloomy :@
i hate this weather gloomy depressing :@
i hate this, i hate being like this. sad :@
i hate those days where you're just in a funk gloomy :@
i hate to see a girl always acknowledging her boyfriend and he just doesn't even bother mentioning her. sad :@
i hate watching the news /; getsmesad but my mom puts it on tv anyway -_____- ....animalabuse sad brokenhearted /3 :@
i hate wen ppl only hidd uu up for sum shoes... negative not gone happen :@
i hate when a mf wanna get wit u ova  but wen u see them in skool they neva say one wrd . dat shit negative :@
i hate when a nigga try to act hard sad :@
i hate when films don't have a happy ending :( depressed :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes !! :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes . :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes...justathought :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative we don't save no hoes :@
i hate when i can't fall asleep joy :@
i hate when i drop my oreo into my milk then it sinks to the bottom depressed niceknowingyaoreo :@
i hate when i tell somebody the truth about sumn &amp; they say i'm lying.. that's a negative ! period. :@
i hate when i'm fighting with my parents and i have nobody to talk to :@
i hate when old people say bean and cheese is the same everywhere negative :@
i hate when people block me from twitter, because then i can't creep :( sad. :@
i hate when people bring negative energy around me :@
i hate when people look over your shoulder when your on the computer negative :@
i hate when people say i got hoes ! -___- negative boys like me .. that dont mean they my hoes tho :@
i hate when people think we're going to be automatic besties just because we're both black. negative :@
i hate when we get like this.  annoyed sickofthis waaaahh sad :@
i hate when work ruins my plans disappointed :@
i have 2 exams i have to study for by tomorrow. great -_- but on the other hand i gotta think positive :)
i have 99 options but failure ain't one positive :)
i have a boyfriend. 3 
i have a date with my babies tomorrow   and  excited 
i have a feeling of relief now that my speech is done and over with! joy :)
i have a feeling this will be the last full day i have mu phone until summer. report cards.. :)
i have a full week of holiday... hehe  joy :)
i have a good feeling that i'm gonna sleep so good tonight excited exhausted :) :D
i have a pimple at the tip of my nose. this has never ever ever happened to me. depressed :@
i have a very important phone call to make in 20 minutes!!! yeeee! excited!
i have another fever. sad :(
i have been waiting for this text, for a while. happy :)
i have come to the conclusion i have too many clothes because i forget what i own depressed 8-(
i have everyday of my summer planned with alexis 3 excited
i have followed arsenal all my life and therefore know that we are more than capable to fuck tonight right up. negative provemewrong
i have got to say i love the feed back i have recieved it is much appreciated ! positive <3 :)
i have had a cold since december...... i'm thinking i might be getting allergies.. joy  :)
i have hot water and no leaking taps finally! ah, i want to pass out from happiness! relief joy hotshower :@
i have learned that love is the only thing i need. thank god it's not as difficult as i once thought it was. just love alone is enough. joy <3<3 :)
i have more of a chance of winning the lottery than passing biology negative
i have never had butterflies the way i do now.  &xe327; happy :@
i have never missed avs playoff hockey as much as i do tonight depressed newhopefornextyear :@
i have no more faith in this game right now.. disappointed. :@
i have no one to kiss for national kiss day . sad :@
i have no one to kiss for national kiss day tomorrow sad :@
i have nothin but positive n happy thoughts. &x263a; :)
i have one. you can have one too... &x201c; propagandhi   peace love joy happiness hope art&x201d;
i have so many emotions right now pissed sad :(
i have something good to say..but i'll wait till after i find out what the deal is excited :) :D
i have soo many shoes but only wea three or two pair frfr.lol sad :(
i have the best parent and home but for some reason i can't wait to move out and do something different excited :) :D
i have the greatest friends ever!! loved blessed happy :)
i have the worst feeling about today. what is going on with the world gloomy :(
i have to do hair for junior prom, senior prom, formal, &amp; if i'm not mistaken, julia's confirmation. happy yay :)
i have to make an 80 in english to graduate. joy :)
i have to ride in a car to town with my mom &amp; two grandmas joy :)
i have to ride my normal bus home tonight ...... joy . :)
i have to run a mile in an hour. joy :)
i have to wake up in 6 hours joy :)
i have yet to go to a party lol sad  ughhhhh, if i don't party one more time before breaks over i'll be tight.
i haven't felt like myself in so long depressed 8-(
i haven't felt this bad in quite a while depressed 8-(
i haven't had yogiii in so long deprived depressed 8-(
i haven't spent this much time with t coop in while. 7pagepaper finalprojects joy :)
i haven't talked to  in awhile sad
i havent gotten to sleep in any days this week! depressed goingtobesotiredforprom 8-(
i heard a bark in my dorm... negative
i heard that chinese food is made from rats :/ i'm so sad! but i love it. depressed 8-(
i heard three stories of tragic/senseless death today, i dont wanna hear anymore sad :(
i honestly don't know who's worse romney or obama! i have no idea who i'm going to vote for! will america ever be great again disappointed :@
i honestly don't think you're ever gonna change. disappointed
i hope everyday is like today :) happy <3 :)
i hope one day someone will appreciate me sad :(
i hope she dont think i want her man do she .. negative
i hope to never stop striving to be a better person. 
i hope! had a great day today :) positive
i hope, even though ollg won't be a part of believe, justin will still do it at his concerts, or, will a new song replace ollg. ah excited :D
i hurt her feelings by yeling, i need my sister to stop hanging around my child. sad :@
i ignore txt and calls just to tweet sad :(
i jusst wanted too check on him , cuss he on here seeming depressed &amp; sht , 8-(
i just ate the most disgusting mcdonalds i've ever had. disappointed.
i just can't even look at you the same anymore disappointed
i just can't speak about this anymore. depressed 8-(
i just can't tweet that much. disappointed
i just cant seem to give a fuck lls sad truth :(
i just don't understand ...  :(
i just don't wanna live anymore. there is no point. sad depressed confused :@
i just dont know anymore depressed will someone please call me anyone... 8-(
i just got the best news! happy excited :) :D
i just had the absolute best popsicle made from your melonberry/watermelon/vanilla.... happy :)
i just had the most enjoyable time cuddling up with my baby on the hamock by the fire on this beautiful night (: happy inlove mushytweet :)
i just hate that he feels like i have to wait for negative time waits for no one booboo :@
i just keep tellin myself it'll all pay off in the end!!  :@
i just like to smile, smiling's my favorite. smile happy elf  <3
i just lost a paper that took me two hours to type <3
i just lost all faith in myself depressed 8-(
i just love the awkwardness in the air when lil wayne spits his sexually perverted pun rhymes in the car with my father. joy <3 :)
i just need a good laugh!  depressed 8-(
i just now watched one tree hill finale !! i didn't want it to end. i cried by myself depressed 8-(
i just over think to much. depressed 8-(
i just painted a mural ...did sum fundraisers for the kids .spreading love an positiveness ..i love helping people less fortunate positive <3:)
i just placed my first internet book order! joy :)
i just realized i can't go to futures on sunday. depressed workschedule 8-(
i just realized i don't have that many classes left excited:)
i just realized i have 100 followers! yayyy !!! excited pathetic :D
i just realized i'll be at school when dexter comes back on... i won't have shotime depressed 8-(
i just realized that i'm seeing  tomorrow! first concert! excited
i just realized that this whole time, i've been complaining. i deserve hell. the fact that i'm in bed &amp; tweeting... is much cause for joy.
i just realized that when ppl tweet cake cake cake they're not just excited about baking delicious pastries. it's a song.. disappointed :D
i just remembered something excited :D
i just shed some tears! joy love <3
i just used yolo for the first time.. disappointed
i just wanna accept myself, and just love who i am, but that's hard when i'm not proud of anything i've really done sad but i'll be aight :(
i just wanna be happy wtf :O
i just wanna be with my girlfriend  right now smh depressed
i just wanna drink my life away :( depressed 8-(
i just wanna go back to bed! sad tgif! :(
i just wanna hug someone and fall asleep in their arms sad for no reason manperiod :@
i just wanna ride ponies depressed 8-(
i just wanna sleep!! sad :(
i just wanna win disappointed
i just wanna workout depressed add 8-(
i just want all of my friends to be happy :)
i just want it to be tuesday already!!! firsthomegame excited :D
i just want nick to take me on a date and atleast pretend that he likes me for atleast 10 mins... thestruggle nogame depressed 8-(
i just want that perfect text that could brighten up my day :/ gloomy :)
i just want to be at coachella depressed 8-(
i just want to bury my body in my bed for the next few days depressed 8-(
i just want to bust out crying, so sick of this. depressed so much on my mind. fuckthisshit night 8-(
i keep thinking tomorrow's saturday -_- disappointed
i kind of hate when people tell me that they care about me. 
i kinda feel like that was toward me..sad <3
i knew checking netclassroom was a bad idea depressed 8-(
i knew i shouldn't have gotten my hopes up for nothing  disappointed
i knew it sad :(
i knew it was too good to be true disappointed :)
i knew it. disappointed
i knew there'd be a day where non of this would matter to me anymore, just didn't know it'd be this soon happy :)
i knew they would make it positive :)
i kno that oomf will be home soon!! excited :D
i kno... its always worth a try  ahh yea dats a negative
i knoe dey say change is gon cum....but tha last time change came in my life is wen i putta dolla in tha vendin machine.. depressed 8-(
i know &x201c; shareece tryna get me to come to benedict on my way back to spartanburg on sunday. negative&x201d;
i know -.- sad  nobody wants to call you ratchet! :d
i know 2omf are fucking....and they think that shit is on the low. negative
i know about 3 different females that got this nigga name tatted sad :(
i know changes are good but... fuck it. i miss my hair depressed 8-(
i know exactly what i want my next tat to be excited nottellinanyone :D
i know i always talk about my boyfriend but he's a big part of my life now. happy :)
i know i tweet this a lot buuuuut idgaf.. i had a good night with my boy :) happy happy happy :)
i know i'll be ok. positive outlook :)
i know it too awwww &x201c; gloomy is when it is difficult for you to give a chance to others around you even you try for it.&x201d;
i know its not me. joy :)
i know oomf's sick an tired of being sick an tired... :)
i know this bih ain't talkin bout me sad :(
i know what i'm getting myself as a graduation present :) excited :D
i know what mmy next tattoo is gonna be!!! excited :D
i know who ill be kissing tomorrow :))) happy :)
i left my favorite blanket downstairs and now i have to go get it. depressed ijustwannasleep 8-(
i like eat pussy early morn and smell my lip all day...happy <3
i like looking at life in a better perspective! positive <3 :)
i like that our only conversations happen late at night sad :(
i like the way he mk me feel happy <3 :)
i like this filter. traintracks train nature outdoors gloomy depressing trees  <3
i like you so much. i couldn't even tell you depressed letsdatealready 8-(
i look for joy in a strange place...drjohn mika :)
i looooove subtweets :) well, the positive ones ;) :)
i lost some weight  \/ joy :)
i love a jail breaking app name cydia.. she is my best friend happy <3 :)
i love all the people in my life blessed happy  <3 :)
i love being sneakyyyy (: and oomf doesn't even know yettt!  <3
i love being stood up.. not. disappointed.. <3
i love being with my boyfriend all day everyday! happy blessed inlove <3 :)
i love doing my homework!3 joy sarcastictweet <3
i love early morning calls that start with- i heard about the great stuff mindshift does.. or i've seen what you guys did with.. joy <3
i love giving my cat a bath! he looks like a weird species when wet. and a pokemon when he's dry.  joy <3:)
i love how no matter what he always makes me feel better happy :@
i love how one thing can make your night a whole lot better  happy <3
i love it when  responds to my texts! :( disappointed <3
i love losing my contacts for the third time in two weeks and no heytell. /3 depressed/pissedofftweet :@
i love making bunting. little triangles of joy <3 :)
i love my family aka followers there everything to me we're undefeated weird fun funny crazy nice sweet swaggin akward positive. <3
i love my boyfriend happy  <3
i love my boyfriend , i'm glad i don't talk to noone else i can't picture myself with anyone else but him33he means the world to me! happy <3
i love my boyfriend more than words can explain.3 teamtaken happy <3
i love my creative writing fam. huge success tonight @ the gallery &amp; year end reading. happy excited accomplished <3 :) :D
i love my girlfriend so much  happy  <3
i love my hubby and son so much i could cry. thank you lord for being so good to me in so many ways. i love you jesus! soblessed happy  <3<3 :)
i love my life. don't have it all figured out or a good life plan but i have good friends and good music in my life. happy <3 :)
i love my life:) happy <3 :)
i love not have class tomorrow happy <3 :)
i love painting my nails joy!!!!! <3
i love popping the bubbles in bubble wrapping joy <3 :)
i love surrounding myself with positive and happy people :) thirstythursday <3 :)
i love talking to you happy <3 :)
i love the feel of shaved legs happy <3 :)
i love the fox and the hound sad :(
i love the sounds planes make when they're preparing to takeoff. joy thankgodforthesmallthingstoo <3 :)
i love this close up of the clovers in my backyard. gloomy dull grey photography clover makeawish fou  <3
i love this weather gloomy rainy overcast :(
i love this! excited <3 :D
i love this. i'm so happy. i almost had a heart attack. lol happy <3 :)
i love using people for conversation &x2026; but they think we talk negative <3
i love when he cancels his plans just to spend all night with me ;) happy <3 :)
i love when i can be myself around people. makes me so happy (: <3 :)
i love when i need someone to comfort me and tell me everything will be alright, no ones there. sad :@
i love when record dealers follow me!:) happy <3 :)
i love when these ppl call in goin off like im jus supposed ta jus do wat dey want... negative <3 <3
i love you (: boyfriend love forever happy smile joy  <3
i love you not only for what you are but for who i am and can be when i'm with you. happy &amp; lucky 3 <3
i love you so much an you should know that, i don't understand why you continue to walk all over me like i'm nothing  <3
i love you so much and will do anything to gain everything back. upset disappointed <3
i love youu becca-boo&x2665;   <3
i love, eat and use everything coconut scented and flavored..but i hate actual coconuts they're false advertisement -.- disappointed liars :@
i loved today! (: happy! 3
i may be the only that is not diggin that curren$y wale song, disappointed 
i may never watch american idol again. disappointed and i really miss simon cowell :@
i may not have gone where i intended to go, but i think i&x2019;ve ended up where i needed to be ! positive :)
i mean will it ever be okay sad :(
i mentally fuck up girls i date for a long time. sad :(
i might skip school all next week..gonna be a bad one anyways negative
i miss bluemountainstate so much! season 4, i wish you existed. sad cancelled :(
i miss oomf  sad tweet :(
i miss teencamp sunshinemail happy joy summer 
i miss  at lunch. sad
i miss  twomoreweeks excited
i miss  won't see her for four days. depressed 
i miss being on the registration team :|   joy aven meh
i miss bunny  depressed 8-(
i miss cheer leading alreadyy. depressed 8-(
i miss cute simple texts like these. sad reminiscing  <3
i miss hanging with youuuu sad/subtweet. looking at hilarious old pictchass of us. :'(
i miss him like crazy.. bored lonely depressed 8-(
i miss him so much its not even funny. depressed 8-(
i miss how i used to be/looked. now i'm just a angry/fat kid...great depressed 8-(
i miss it:( depressed babyface 
i miss jane by design so much. depressed ineedyoubackinmylife 8-(
i miss my baby sad :(
i miss my best friend, my buddy, my big bro!!  depressed :)
i miss my big brothers so much/3 family over everything! depressed upset
i miss my brother already :( sadtweet depressed wah 8-(
i miss my daddy  less than 30 days until he comes home!!!!! excited :D
i miss my dog so much depressed 8-(
i miss racing already. we've only been to one race. sad imissjoey :(
i miss seeing your name pop up on my phone when i get a text. depressed 8-(
i miss the beach and we just got back two hours ago. depressed.
i miss u... sad :(
i miss when it was just me and you and nothin or nobody else mattered depressed 8-(
i miss you sad :(
i miss you babe depressed 8-(
i miss you katie! you haven't been tweeting much! disappointed. 
i miss you... this sucks... i always seem to fuck everything up... disappointed
i missed  call bc i was asleep : (( noooooo ugh 
i missed her call   smh smh smh !! disappointed
i missed my 2,000th tweet disappointed
i missed my 5,000th tweet-________- disappointed
i missed this feeling! happy :)
i need a blunt to the dome to get over this lose.. smh disappointed
i need a day out with my latinas, and sister... depressed 8-(
i need a fresh start. depressed 8-(
i need a frnd to talk to buh i dunno if i av any... depressed :'( 8-(
i need a therapist.. sad that i have to say that :(
i need her... depressed 8-(
i need new people to text... &xe402; haha sad :(
i need some changes in my life happiness positive :D :)
i need some real twitter people to follow depressed 8-(
i need some time with the boys... i need a good laugh and someone to cheer me up depressed 8-(
i need someone to be here for me...sad ...anybody.....
i need someone to talk too. depressed 8-(
i need something to make me happy please :)
i need to freakingg tan .  :)
i need to lose weight! depressed 8-(
i need to lose weight! depressed 
i need to move out of this town.
i need to run, study, and clean my room. but i can't get my ass motivated. depressed   8-(
i need to see  again. miss her so much already! :( depressed
i need to stop rereading old conversations.. sad :(
i need to stop. but its just to hard to let go depressed storyofmylife 8-(
i needa cheer up &amp; be ready to face whatever happens gloomy :(
i neva felt like this in a long time happy <3 :)
i never felt like this before; depressed :@
i never learn my lesson when it comes to procrastinating... time to write an entire research paper for tomorrow joy :@
i never really felt love its a great feeling. i feel like screaming at the top of my lungs but my fam is sleeping lol . loveorlove excited <3 :D
i never reply to 1 word text such as ooh nd k negative :@
i never thought i would miss yuba city as much as i do!! i am soooooo ready to be home &amp;&amp; in my own bed!! :@
i never thought i'd fall for you as hard as i did. happy :@
i never thought in a million years that the people i was so close with 3 months ago would be like strangers to me.... depressed :@
i now believe.. wen they say when you hate to see the next doing good and always negative ... negative things happen to u positive :)) :@
i now have to buy myself a new armani bag! at least having my shit stolen i can buy new shit and need it! lol positive :)
i obviously can do nothing right in your eyes depressed 8-(
i officially moved to the house in the east =) excited :D
i only ever have english and geometry homework. :D
i only tweet when i'm bored now. sad.
i pay for everything  no help from mommy or daddy. got my own shit my own car pay my own bills and bitch you own negative :@
i picked a good one ;) happy :)
i put all my trust into you. disappointed
i question if i can trust people because some of my friends aren't true. disappointed :)
i ran so horrible today words can't even describe it isuck depressed 8-(
i read an old conversation we had today.. i wanted to barf. happy :)
i really am scared of d darkk. :)
i really am slick scared to turn in this project.... whyyy negative. 8-(
i really can only do like 4 maybe! real push-ups haha sad :(
i really can't dance.. :/  disappointed
i really can't wait for the drake concert:d excited itneedstohurryandbejune :D
i really didn't think i was a boy repellant until now depressed 8-(
i really don't enjoy my 5.30am alarm on a friday, but on the plus side i get to do another easter egg hunt today with the girls ;) happy:)
i really don't know what i'm going to do after    and  graduate :( depressed
i really drank the whole bottle. smh depressed 8-(
i really hate letting people down... depressed :@
i really hope i get this job excited :D
i really hope me and oomf really do hang out this weekend :) excited :D
i really like you but your in love with someone else:( :D
i really love the band. happy <3 :)
i really messed up things this time depressed 8-(
i really miss my mom depressed 8-(
i really miss this feeling.. summer time, free spirit, love joy happiness wow :D <3 :) :D
i really need to do better. disappointed
i really needed that.. 
i really really like you happy tweet <3 :)
i really thought we were gonna winn -__- disappointed
i really wanna cry...depressed.
i really want a blue ocean water right now . depressed 8-(
i really want to cry myself the fuck to sleep. depressed sad emotional 8-( :(
i really want to start reading excited :D
i really, really, really wish i was going to coachella this year disappointed
i reallyyy hope i get to see my boo this weekend. if not im gonnna be sadtweeting &amp; soooooo disappointed :((
i received my stickygram picture magnet smallpic instagram instakids instapics happy 
i recorded tonight's episode of  and i can't stop watching! unbelievable results! disappointed
i refuse to b the chick screamn my nigga dis my nigga dat n he doin dis n dat negative!! plus this my fun year so nothinserious!! ;)
i refuse to kiss your asx and still dont know what i didnt huh negative !!!
i refuse to watch american idol now  is not in anymore. americanidol disappointed
i remember watching rocky iv in the theater. rocky vs the russian. at the end the theatre crowd was chanting rocky, rocky!! sad coldwar
i remember when i made  and joy sammiches during the summer.
i remember when old girl tried to dm me on some hoe shit lmao sad :(
i remember zebra cakes tasting better when we were 8 disappointed
i remembered why i never try.. disappointed :@
i risked my life on the road to see the blues lose:( depressed 8-(
i said are you sure our bill high as hell he must think he getting my number negative
i said i was gonna read book &amp; ishh this spring break. . . negative
i said softball was lame, but i was a diamond dude. disappointed
i saw this old man walking on the beach by himself...sad..
i see everything bitches
i see ur face &amp; break out n2 a grin! have a great day! ~nan drmr inspire joy fun quote :)
i see you in my dreams more than i see you in person sad :(
i seriously am so disappointed in myself i'm a size 9!! :'( i went from like a 5 to a 9!!! gonna eat some healthy shit : [ depressed <3 :)
i seriously cannot sleep. too excited!!!! two performances tomorrow!! excited pumped :D
i seriously just want to be drunk constantly. depressed dontknowwhattodo 8-(
i seriously like...just.. just speechless idk what to say^.^ freakinhonored happy :)
i seriously miss all my friends i don't ever see or talk to anymore :)
i shall start this 1200 word essay! depressed haha 8-(
i should be going to bed but i just keep getting text -_- joy :)
i should have thought this through.......putting my own trash on the curb......negative *picks up phone and calls brother* lol
i should head to bed. first day back to work since monday, tomorrow. joy :)
i should of gone with the surgery. sad crying :(
i should probably start packing, moving this weekend joy :)
i slept for three hours joy :)
i so desperatly wanna be happy with you again, its just not happening. sad :)
i somehow pulled a random muscle on the back of my leg so now when i run ilooklikeajew joy -___- :)
i spilled a shit ton of candle wax all over myself today. got all up in my hair, all over my rsl hoodie and all over my new red tights. sad :(
i stare at my phone waiting for your name to pop up just because it makes me smile. sad :(
i stay watching ncis ....its my fav up, found something, ncis :)) joy lol
i still can't believe i got tickets  finally excited
i still can't believe my fish died. depressed 8-(
i still can't believe they took the movie prom off of netflix depressed  8-(
i still can't find my remote. depressed 8-(
i still dont understand why the pistons vs. bobcats game wasnt on tnt tonight disappointed
i still havent seen titanic 3d depressed 8-(
i stopped checking my phone this morning, and i have a feeling i shouldn't check it. don't want to be disappointed.
i suddenly feel all depressed and lonely. whats happenin to everyone growing up and moving on with their lives :( waaaa 8-(
i swear god sent  to me because she fills that empty spot that no one else has ever filled. happy inlove lucky :@
i swear guys are so disrespectful to females! sad :(
i swear i have slow moments via txt..cyber &amp; in person.! sad :(
i swear i just went from jolly to mad af ..! smh mfs know how to ruining a perfect day ..! sad :)
i swear i move one step forward then ten steps back. disappointed
i swear i'm bipolar. happy one minute, angry the next. :@
i swear i'm never going to loose weight.. depressed :@
i swear if miami looses i'm gonna be mad because i stayed up for nothing. don't wanna be disappointed
i swear my grades are beyond terriable...depressed
i swear you're only mission in life is to put me through hell depressed.
i swim through your enchanting whispers &amp; splash into your resplendent, golden heart. quotes micropoetry lovequotes joy gratitude :)
i swore this spring break was going to be something -_- disappointed
i teach e v e r y nigha that comes across me a lesson.. ex's still tryna get in lmao. negative .
i tend not to let the little things start a argument anymore! at the end of the day i got my son, nothing else matters! happy :)
i think positive @ all times why da fuk shud i think negative :)
i think ted is great! it is a funny and positive way to look at the world! :)
i think  should have dressed tonight to give his team a better chance on winning in o.t sad
i think about getting a new phone approx once every 4minutes :( depressed firstworldpain 8-(
i think he's pretty much perfect for me. summer is about to be great 3 :D
i think i be the only person in c&x2019;ville that isn't going to mac miller whatevs depressed 8-(
i think i know what my next tattoo is gonna be excited :D
i think i want to disappear again... depressed  8-(
i think i'm getting sick..  joy :)
i think i'm giving up on life depressed 8-(
i think i'm goin to the zoo tomorrow :) excited :D
i think i've waited to long and now the opportunity has passed me by disappointed
i think it sucks how low my self-esteem has gotten. depressed 8-(
i think it's funny that jamess friends wanna hmu negative i'm not like that <3
i think it's funny when other people tweet saying not to tweet about something in-particular. negative behavior i shall unfollow. tweet
i think me and  are bout to have a depression vacation this weekend 
i think me and my girlfriend might have to break up. for her sake. i hope not. oh god i hope not. muggletweet depressed :O 8-(
i think my self advertisement is poor lol... negative
i think rubens adorable ass went to sleep. sad :(
i think that weird noise at the beginning of the song mercy is yodeling... not even gona bother pirating it. disappointed
i think the only happiness in my life nowadays is when someone retweets me or reblogs me on tumblr.... sad :)
i think the way pacaran is really different in every country .. learning something new positive :)
i think they need a motivational speaker in the clubhouse... they get down on themselves too easily.. sad :(
i think this girl thinks i like her negative <3
i think today is gonna be a good day.. positive thinking :)
i think today's the day.................... gloomy :(
i think we both had stuff to say. me appologizing for being bitchy and her saying things weren't intentional and being good again!! happy:)
i thought oomf was different. guess not. disappointed
i thought everyone grew up when they got to high school negative
i thought free throws are supposed to be automatic for these nba players disappointed :D
i thought i had enough time to take a nap.. negative
i thought i might have had a childhood, just not a pokemon one like the guys, now i have realized that i had no childhood whatsoever. sad :@
i thought i was taking a nap buuuttttt negative
i thought it was so stupid that watermelons were out of season lol but dad just bought one... my cravings have settled happy
i thought madarius was positive. lying ass boy! he mad. i though you stopped cussing
i thought this term is will be over today, but i have to research again on thesis for a chance to get 4.0 hoping positive :)
i thought vinny would come back disappointed but that shows he stands up for what he believes, even when so close to winning famousfood
i thought we were bestfriends. ): joy :)
i thought you were better than that disappointed
i thought you would be gone from my life. but i was wrong you came back(: happy :)
i tot u were immune to depression i need a frnd to talk to buh i dunno if i av any... depressed :'(
i totally missed my 7,000th twweet. depressed.
i tried to be like a normal citizen &amp; catch public transportation.. but negative <3
i trusted you, i miss you, i gave you my heart and it's like you just stepped on it. depressed 8-(
i try to always be happy. sometimes people make it really hard. positive :)
i used to like oomf but i stopped like a week or two ago once i finally comprehend what they really want from me.. beckyy! negative. ^_^ <3 <3
i wake up every morning to play on my computer all day at school joy :)
i walked through the door no one turned their head disappointed :@
i wanna beat you with my shoe , but then my shoe would have stds all over it sad :(
i wanna choke jordan ass for what he did to me today ~_____~ disappointed .
i wanna give a shoutout &amp; also a thankyou 2 all my tweeps  i feel ya positive energy rightbackatcha! :D :)
i wanna move out &amp; live on my own , it'd be soo much easier . 3 more yearss .. joy :D :)
i wanna see titanic to bad i have no one to go see it with loserproblems depressed :@
i want everyone to like me and i want everyone to like you and i want everyone to just like everyone. sad <3:(
i want flowers &amp; shieeeet after my performance bitches lol seriouslythough i do.
i want her so bad right now depressed 8-(
i want him back; he was too young to go soo soon... depressed r.i.p 8-(
i want long hair again depressed 8-(
i want my ipod back :( depressed dumbkids 8-(
i want my sister here soo bad....she is the only one i can talk to about my probs nd will understand :'( sad :(
i want someone to cwtch me depressed 8-(
i want to accomplish so many things, too bad i'm the laziest fuck ever. sad :(
i want to be a dedicated fan of the maine but their new album just isn't cutting it. disappointed
i want to get a new tattoo. excited :D
i want to get makye in twitter jail too. joy :)
i want to give up and let you walk away but something is keeping me around telling me to stay. i hope this all blows over positive :)
i want to go home and see my mommy sad confused :(
i want to go home. throw on some adele and just lay down. depressed 8-(
i want to go travelling seeing photos all over facebook makes me very jealous i need a tan!! :( depressed 8-(
i want to see you now!! :c sad :(
i want to tweet some really mean things right now.. but i wont cause thats not me :) positive &x2764;&x270c; :)
i want to wish my mama a happy birthday i love you so much through out constant battles and arguments you'll always be my role model <3
i want two things in life to be happy and successful :)
i wanted to be the first one to get  drunk, she said it wouldn't be her first. disappointed
i was actually kinda juiced to skate and then i walked into chenga and......... gloomy :(
i was born the middle child of my family -___- joy :)
i was doing so good, until today. i just can't beat this nail biting habit &xe403; depressed 8-(
i was excited because i thought twitter was finally starting to update, but it's not... depressed 8-(
i was getting  tweets to my phone but i had to stop them cause every time he tweeted i thought he was dming me! disappointed
i was hoping for a text :( disappointed
i was not gloomy boyyyy    gloomy :(
i was once alive, now i'm dead. photograhpy iphoneonly instamood flowers gloomy teamiphone iphonegrap 
i was serious, depressed 8-(
i was so excited when i got 13 followers and then i looked at  and her 178 followers -_- depressed :D
i was so lookin forward to that :D
i was so looking forward to seeing  amazing acting... and gorgeous self. guess i'll have to wait till tomorrow disappointed
i was so puyat last night beb and tropa on joy chico's place.ilang event pa ba ang kakantahan ko ng libre .just kidding :)
i was soo pumped for this weekend alll week long. and now, i could care less what happens... disappointed
i was watching tv and heard the theme song of blue mountain state playing at the blues game. bestshowever noseason4 depressed 8-(
i went wild with my money this month.... so disappointed in myself
i will be crying myself to sleep tonight... disappointed
i will forever miss playing baseball sad :(
i will neva forget what u done for me but u on my mind negative
i will never go camping again in my life as much as i love it i just can't the family tradition ended horribly . 
i will never look at you the same way. disappointed :@
i wish  wasn't mad at me..  depressed
i wish  was here ... need a moscato an lord of the ring night nerds depressed
i wish everyday would be like today 3 happy <3
i wish everyone a happy thursday! spread joy and love and happiness :) <3 :D
i wish high school was different because this seriously sucks. alone cantdothisanymore depressed justwanttoleave 8-(
i wish i can put my head on ur chest. and hear your heart and feel your warmness :/ love lonely but happy <3 :)
i wish i could actually be at the bruins game right now depressed 8-(
i wish i could be in new york right now for imats. sad makeupprobs :(
i wish i could be one of the drunk kids screaming right now, instead of the annoyed kid in bed sad :(
i wish i could be with  right now watching my man  depressed
i wish i could do something with my friends tomorrow /: depressed mad 8-(
i wish i could just crawl into a hole and never come out. depressed notgettingbetter :@
i wish i could put mascara on my bottom lashes depressed 8-(
i wish i could put this feeling i have into words...but i can't. joy :)
i wish i could say, well my daddy will get me a iphone negative
i wish i could video tape some people so they could realize how wrong their behavior is without me telling them sad :(
i wish i cud go kick my stepdaddy out the bed &amp; wake my mama up so i can cry 2 her til i fall asleep... depressed 8-(
i wish i had no boobs, and no, i'm not cutting my body parts off negative :@
i wish i had patience. i don't like waiting and i want it now sad :(
i wish i had someone for national kiss day. :(
i wish i had someone to lay here in bed with. depressed 8-(
i wish i had the chance to save everyone who had committed suicide. i wish i could have gotten them the help they needed. wow depressed 8-(
i wish i never came home i just want out of here soo bad i hate it depressed  :@
i wish i was 5 again. real life sucks disappointed
i wish i was going to day glow.... disappointed..
i wish i was going to the bruins tonight depressed 8-(
i wish i was in boston for their opening day fenway sad :(
i wish i was nice outside :/ gloomy :(
i wish it would rain. it would fit my mood. gloomy :(
i wish my brothers still lived at home! sad :(
i wish my heart would stop making decisions that end up hurting me... disappointed
i wish my i internet would work so i could watch run junkie depressed withdrawals 8-(
i wish my lashes we longer and fuller :( i'm gonna get lash extensions or just wear falsies, lashes sad s 
i wish people actually kept their promises. disappointed
i wish someone would just tell me the right thing to do, afraid sad confused :(
i wish somethings just fall into place sometimes, i think i would be more than satisfied, i would be happy i can only say, i truly deserve. :)
i wish the guys from one direction went to norwayne or aycock but no they have to live in england. depressed :@
i wish this had more views:  joy oneworld
i wish this smores pudding tasted like smores disappointed <3
i wish we have weather like this all summers haha storm gloomy scary :-p 8-(
i wish you cared half as much as you say you do... lonely disappointed
i wish you understood sad.
i wish you were coming with me. 
i wished fairy tails did exist sad :(
i wished you the best......never wanted 2 c   the negative
i won tickets to  im soooooo happy beet 500 people to get them thanks theedge <3
i wonder did we get the same gm text , negative, but kind of funny. :O
i wonder if the woman in the sunbed shop will ever get bored of the 'don't get your head caught in the sun shower' joke negative :O
i wonder if you feel the same pain i do, depressed :O 8-(
i worked out for 15 min, then weighed myself before i got in the shower. i'm at 156. 8ibs lost. satisfied happy!
i worked so hard all year doing what i love, working hard so i can improve.&amp;  now i barely missed my chance:/ disappointed. with. myself.
i would be excited for the weekend but i spend mine working joy :D :)
i would be unable to walk the day before competition. thankfully it'll all be better tomorrow :-) positive miracleplease :)
i would love to be with my grandpa right but where's my father to spend time with his dad :)
i would really like someone to talk to right about now. :)
i would seriously have gotten money thrown at me if i had taken time to apply for scholarships. i am a waste of space... disappointed
i wouldn't trade my sweetie for nun in the world.....he's the best with sprinkles on top &amp; a oreo! happy :)
i wouldnt be the person i am today without friends and familyy i love you guyss positive <3 :)
i wub my boyfran :3 happy :)
i&x2019;ll be on w/    &amp;  tomorrow at 9 a.m. pt!  channel 102! turn on! excited yolo lifeofadj
i3u!
i'd give it all away just to have those two back in my life, god. why depressed ithinktoomuchatnight 8-(
i'll admit i'm a little upset the burn book has already been taken down, i was really interested in what was being said..
i'll be 21 sooner than i think! i wanna start looking for vegas tickets :) cantwait excited :D
i'll be in iss for the rest of the year for 4/5 joy -__- :)
i'll be kissing 2 people tomorrow.... my nieces. lonely sad :(
i'll go shopping for an hour, and not find anything. joy :)
i'll just lay here and tweet till i can sleep joy :)
i'll make u feel like no one has ever ever made you feel happy :@
i'll probably just cry myself to sleep.  :@
i'll smoke 20 blunts , but taking 20 shots.. thats a big ass negative !
i'm excited by all the excitement of the exciting asphalt :D
i'm a big lebron fan but my team is the knicks and lebron played a good game but he could have sealed it twice in the 4th smh disappointed :)
i'm a failure... depressed 8-(
i'm about to break passover so hard cake happy-birthday 
i'm about to start going golfing by myself no one ever wants to go anymore disappointed :@
i'm actually in a really good mood. happy :)
i'm all about your happiness i've always have been. i guess this is what you wanted to be happy.. depressed. smh :D
i'm almost to the point where i want to go to twitter jail, from telling bosh all his downfalls during the game.. disappointed
i'm already done with him, kaya kung may problems kayo wag nyo na akong idamay!
i'm already excited to wake up, have a cup of coffee, a muffin, and read the word.  growth joy happy excitement :D :)
i'm always looking at the glass half full positive :)
i'm back from tenerife! depressed 8-(
i'm back! :) not that busy anymore..yey! and bf's home oridy! :) happy :)
i'm bored and wide awake! joy :)
i'm bored... no one is tweeting me...-_- foreveralone sad :@
i'm close to crying because  won't follow meh or tweet meh...)': depressed
i'm comin for that nigga in one of my songs! he talkin stuff, i'm comin wit da positive i'm comin wit da based :)
i'm crazy about this boy:d happy cute boyfriend 3 
i'm definitely to the point where i'm absolutely sure i want this to work. positive :)
i'm doing four races in my swim meet saturday dx joy :)
i'm embarrassed for ux this a shame sad case :(
i'm enjoying how happy and positive i've been lately. this is a really great thing. happy :)
i'm fat as fuck depressed 8-(
i'm feeling encouraged man. excited :D
i'm feeling like drake depressed !  8-(
i'm feeling productive today i have ah really position attitude! joy :)
i'm feeling so worthless to the world, to anyone right now... it's ridiculous... :)
i'm filled with joy earlyyyy this morning.....welp, that's every morning however, i'd like to share my joy cuz everyone don't know bout it! <3 :)
i'm freaking out. sad :(
i'm fuckeeeeen happy :] :)
i'm getting a  nail polish rack built in my room!!!!! all my nail polishes will be on display!!!!!!!! excited :D
i'm getting a shout out in  new song ! let's go ! winning excited
i'm getting fitted for a wedding and the girl helping me says...its going to be your turn next rt o_o...negative
i'm getting really nervous for my doctors appointment but i'm trying to stay positive 8-( :)
i'm glad i'm pretty much going to school to watch show choir tomorrow joy sarcastictweet :)
i'm going to be soooo sore tomorrow. but it is so good to be working out happy :)
i'm going to be the last zal.. sad.
i'm going to bed now. i've talked about my obsession w/  for the past 2hrs and justin nor mama want to listen anymore.  depressed
i'm going to bed. disappointed. hopefully saturday's game is better than this one
i'm going to dye my hair! really this time excited :D
i'm going to meet simple plan!!!! oh god. i'm speechless. i've been a fan of them since 2004-2005. happy :O :)
i'm going to take me a nap before the gym. got to release this energy. negative
i'm gon be yo agent and all since i discovered you!!!lmao &x201c;  got what i right to work yep! extra $.... negative&x201d;
i'm gonna be a senior after this summer. time flies. sigh excited :D
i'm gonna be fine without you, my life's better without you happy :)
i'm gonna do so bad at competition tomorrow night... joy :)
i'm gonna have nightmares. joy :)
i'm gonna make a lot of trips to mankato next year! excited !!  is going there next fall! party city :d
i'm gooooood positive :)
i'm guessing thats a no.. sad...):
i'm gunna get perfect on the scrapbook assignment for religion. i must positive :D :)
i'm gunna wake up rich and you lads going to bed rich   positive pmu   allezbitches
i'm half giant. happy birthday chels 
i'm happy for all of my friends, but when will my time come sadtweet depressed 8-(
i'm holding you closer than most, cause you are my heaven. cute love happy <3 :)
i'm in a depressed mood. 8-(
i'm in a good mood today. positive :)
i'm in a very happy mood! joy :)
i'm in another one of those good moods today! &amp; nothing spectacular is happening! joy :)
i'm in like the worst mood ever gloomy :(
i'm in your bioo(: joy :)
i'm just ready to put my jacket on!!! i think imma be a 4 bc i want 4 kids!!! that's gone be me!! negative sgrho forum 7:22pm be there
i'm just so fucking bored. i'm not sure if this is me reaching out for late night conversation, or just me bitching to hear myself.
i'm just so happy. no one is here to say i'm happy to so i'm tweeting joy.. and love.. and smiles.. can you see them:) joy :@
i'm loving life right now :) just finished putting mijo to bed now to skype with my boo boo 3 things are finally looking up. happy
i'm loving my timeline right now! positive motivating uplifting :)
i'm loving this right now happy :)
i'm must be a bitch or something lls negative
i'm not crazy cause i take the right pills everyday. depressed 8-(
i'm not cute. -__- i wish i was, but i'm not. -_- joy :)
i'm not even gonna get mad anymore. i'm just going to learn to expect the lowest out of the people i thought the highest of. disappointed
i'm not finna play phone tag negative
i'm not happy sad :)
i'm not in the best big mood right now annoyed depressed 8-(
i'm not mad anymore happy :)
i'm not ok because justin's not ok. sad :(
i'm not on shit til toma. wbu rt&x201c;  negative wyo&x201d;
i'm not quite sure how i feel at the moment lost sad :(
i'm not the type of chick that's ok with a guy saying your my main line those girls don't matter imma be with you when i'm right negative
i'm not upset about it..
i'm not waitin cause i'm no waiter. so when i blow up don't try to kick it wit me later. positive k :@
i'm nothing but happy! so glad i have so many great people in my life &x263a; sucks to be you if your not a part of it &x2764; sorrynotsorry happy :)
i'm okay until i think about the b.s. disappointed
i'm older than fox is as a network. depressed 8-(
i'm on a money mission , fuck da negative
i'm on a train! gloomy 
i'm one tweet away from my 4,000th tweet! excited :D
i'm opening up to justin. holy crap, let's see how this goes scared sad 8-( :(
i'm practicing my expression when i see  'following' aha who even said i was getting followed depressed
i'm pretty sure i don't need braces. . . real smile happy loveeee notgivingafuck  
i'm pretty sure i'm starting to forget what it feels like to have a mom. depressed 8-(
i'm pretty used to the cops coming to my house. sad :(
i'm readyy.. to go have fun seating at a couch! joy -.- :)
i'm really depressed 8-(
i'm really goin thru somethin rite now depressed 8-(
i'm really going to not talk about it again. one door closes another one opens. positive hakunamatata :)
i'm really happy with how things are currently in my life. looking forward and not back. bring it. future positive keeponsmiling :)
i'm really happy with where we stand right now. lets see what happens! :) excited :) :D
i'm sad now. joy :)
i'm seriously gunna ball my eyes out when we have to give away the little boy pup :( sad :(
i'm seriously incredibly in love with how much it's raining right now. comfortable happy peaceful athome <3 :)
i'm sick of being over looked ! my life stinks i hate it! can't ever find a nice guy :( depressed :@
i'm so bipolar forreal depressed again 8-(
i'm so disappointed on american idol this year... sucks depressed 8-(
i'm so excited to work with director j.d. lewis this year. producertodirector workingmywayup masterclass happy :D :)
i'm so glad i can stay positive through everything realtalk :)
i'm so glad i have my best friend back. i've really missed her. happy :)
i'm so grateful for the amazing life i have :) happy :)
i'm so happy tomorrow is friday!(: and then date night tomorrow with my baby 33  :)
i'm so lucky i'm in love with my best friend happy <3 :)
i'm so mad! thesave shouldn't even have been used on her because she's that good! disappointed! teamjay
i'm so pumped for life right now!!  joy jesus blessed excited :) :D
i'm so sad my lacrosse head broke :'( depressed 8-(
i'm so sleeeeeeeeeepy. productive day though. also. should be payed today. this will be awesome. happy :)
i'm so upset with  i knew i couldnt trust her. sad :(
i'm soccer-deprived /3 at least tryouts are on tuesday i think :) excited
i'm sorry , that im not half naked or showing off my butt or poking out my boob for anybody just to get a like or retweet .negative 8-( <3
i'm speechless about the miami heat. something has gone wrong with this team. things have to tighten up &amp; tighten up fast.disappointed
i'm starting an amateur clothing line called simpleellegance launching back to school ! i'm working on the clothes now excited
i'm starting to enjoy the beginning of this! happy :)
i'm starting to get worried. warped line up is not heavy at all. disappointed
i'm such a lucky girl happy thankful <3
i'm such an emotional mess '3 sad
i'm suppose 2 b washing this morning negative mayb later
i'm sure if i just jammed some pop punk that'll change tho. positive :)
i'm the one who should be disappointed
i'm tired noonecares sad whatevertho :(
i'm tryin not to think negative
i'm trying to figure out how to be happy again, but its stressing me out. depressed 8-(
i'm tweeting for 2 different accounts. -____- soo be quiet joy :)
i'm tweeting for isaiah. &xe328; joy :)
i'm tweeting for makye joy :)
i'm tweeting for makye now &xe414; joy :)
i'm tweeting with youu -___- joy :)
i'm walking an average of three miles daily, eating healthy af, and my sleeping schedule is back to normal. happy :)
i'm watching community joy :)
i'm way too hard on myself negative frustrated
i'm wondering to myself why i'm wide awake at this time shopping trip with the mother then a train ride back to london today. excited :D
i've . . .   loved you , no, i can't , without_ you i'm depressed 3
i've always been a strong believer in people are different and good people are out there, but now i just don't know.. disappointed :)
i've been following 1000 tweeps already and thanks    for being my 1000th fan..hahahah excited :D <3
i've been hibernating for the past few days. this weather doesnt' help. cloudy gloomy windy :(
i've been reloading twitter to see if anything new comes up. disappointed
i've been singing a lot lately, happy :)
i've been studying for 10mins for history. about to call it quit-zies already lol sad on the bright side i passed my permit test,woohoo :(
i've been talking to my uncle, who i haven't spoke to in over 12 years. happy :)
i've been waiting forever for pottermore cause i really honestly thought i heard it was opening today. :( /3 disappointed
i've begun to lose myself in the thoughts of yesterday.. sad :(
i've done absolutely nothing all of spring break &amp; its already coming to an end depressed 8-(
i've finally accepted that this is just going to be a bad week and that it's thankfully almost over. keepmoving positive :)
i've found a new like::film. photography littlethings joy :)
i've got a fat eye joy :)
i've got an idea. hopesthisworks crossedfingers excited :) :D
i've got bre lactick acid in my body atmo. cnt even go sleep sad :(
i've got chills but i'm not cold(:   nervous excited happy hashtag. 8-( :)
i've got serious crows feet. im too young, aren't i!! depressed 8-(
i've gotta go to class now. four hours of torture and the most unorganized teacher ever! joy sarcasm :)
i've had enough work today. then i get to babysit joy :)
i've heard it from so many people so i'm actually starting to believe it...disappointed
i've kept my composure until now. depressed 8-(
i've listen to this song 14 times lol sad :(
i've made the same wish every 11:11 for the past year and half hasntcometrue wtf sad :O
i've missed nights like this talking to him :) happy <3 :)
i've never felt so empty.. <3 :)
i've never realized how hurtful words can truly be.. disappointed brooooken :@
i've not had one long lie these whole holidays depressed 8-(
i've noticed i only tweet when i'm depressed, or suuper happy depressed 8-(
i've watched a lot of my friends grow up and become the opposite of what i thought they would be disappointed  :)
i.. kno yu aint been honest!! disappointed
iam seriously going though it over here at 2 west 17th st.  :(( depressed 8-(
ian been to the mall since april 1rst....closet too empty ! depressed 8-(
ibelieve n positive &amp; negativereinforcement y'all call it hazing my parents &amp; gparents called it toughlove &amp; ithank them for it :)
ice cream  i think yes. depressed :/ 8-(
idk if it's right. but what i do know is i love you. i'm falling in love w.u &amp;this feeling u give me, u just can't leave me again happy 3 <3 <3
idk what real love feels like. but if this is it. i'll take it. happy <3 :)
idk which one is worse. but why let shit get to you, like who is she does her opinion matter negative <3
idk why i just did that to myself &amp; watched the 2 hour finale of oth. depressed 8-(
idk why i try so hard when i know i'm going to get screwed over in the end. depressed 8-(
idk why, but these past two weeks have sucked! need something exciting and fun to happen in my life! 8-(
if being able to sit at cecconis and not eat isn't the highest form of self control, than i don't know what is. juicecleanse day2 sad :(
if dad has dementia &amp; always wanted to go to australia: take him! at least: map it with him! boost brain &amp; joy!  rt
if i can survive this week, i can survive anything. disappointed stressed exhausted
if i could go straight to the airport and travel without paying or anything joy :)
if i could i would keep this feeling in a plastic jar, bust it out whenever someone's acting hard happy :)
if i dont get a kiss on national kiss day tomorrow i will be super sad and mad lol :(
if i have a fever tomorrow, i may not go to school. joy :)
if i start complaining about the heat when summer gets here i give everyone permisson to slap me and tell me to stfu. negative whiney
if i was to disappear i wonder who would notice gloomy :O
if its in the way its going out!! :O
if my mom gets a job at ud full time, i will be stuck in delaware. joy nothappening :)
if no wigs or tracks was put on this earth wat bitches be look'n like  sad :@
if one more fucking person asks me where i am... coachella depressed im not in palm springs guys 8-(
if only if only some nights all i can ask positive :)
if only the people around wasnt so negative things would of been much better
if only we were american ... usa positive :)
if people can't appreciate you for who you are then don't waste your time trying to change their mind. : ) bettermind betterlife positive :)
if people knew what went on in my head, they'd be : :)
if someone asked me about my feelings for you i could give them a whole list. why can't you. disappointed
if there was ever a day to sleep in, today's the day gloomy :(
if this doesn't make you proud of me i don't know what will besides the perfect world only you agree with. disappointed :D
if u think positive   :)
if were going to end this way, i want to have the last words in this relationship. hurt sad :@
if you lie about your age 3x than what you really are sad ! be real . :(
if you can't find a way - make one ! positive :)
if you dress-up for national kiss day your getting slapped... ugly hoes tryna make themselves look kissable sad :(
if you fucked one of my sisters , chances of fucking w/ me negative
if you had to choose between a rock and a hard place, pick the rock and throw it to the person who got you into the hard place
if you have to start a conversation with not to be a creeper&x2026; chances are you are creepy and/or participating in creepy activity negative
if you lost today just think about the win tomorrow &x263a; positive :)
if you show people they can do it, they will feel good and become more of what they can be in life.   joy :)
if you want to be depressed watch 
if you're not going to realize what you have in front of you, then that's your loss. i'm gonna find someone who likes me for me. positive :)
if you're reading this right now your beautiful based positive rare :)
if you're up, tweet or text me cantsleep depressed 8-(
igot a new ipod :d happy :)
ihate when family fusses like females especially when its a so-called man fam talk to much shit instead of bein positive. <3
ihf he were 2 die 2 nite ii wouldnt even care.!!!! ii would probably bhe happy on mha moms..!!!! hate him tht much.!!!! :@
ihts sad that 17 year old girl killed that 2year old lul 6oy... smh &amp;&amp; this shxt happen riqht where ih stay.. rip lul mann ! sad :(
ii need some chocolate ice cream lolx depressed /3
ijus wanna tlk to him; sad :(
il be in your arms by this time tomorrow excited toobaditwontbeallnight :D
ill just have to tweet from my phone. joy :)
illusion shattered, i can't stand drug users of any damn sort. disappointed keeplookin
im happy for once &amp; im not going to let anyone or anything bring me down. (: :)
im abt me &amp; mines right nw..so if u nt doing anythng productive in my life right nw or hve a positive impact right nw thn i cld gve :)
im addicted to long walks on the beach anyonewanttojoin loner sad someonecomeloveme :(
im almost done with my gallon snapple sad :(
im am so unbelievably tired. goodnight trackmeettomorrow excited happy 3 (:
im bout to retweet that because ummmm once you get to the last sentence its hilarious but the first part is like negative <3
im cranky and have a car ride ahead of me. joy 
im da type of person dat when i stop caring for sumthing it's a wrap &x270c;8 mo weeks  excited just us 3 myloves&x2764; :D
im def trying to go see the cabin in the woods this weekend. excited :D
im done talking about this game disappointed
im getting mad i want to dowload my grandpa fav gospel song sad :(
im goin to bed i don't give a fuck about who yall cant date.. da fuck twitter on that dumbshit. negative
im gonna make today a great day even if it kills me positive :)
im gonna make tomorrow a good day! positive :)
im gonna miss  and  tomorrow in photography depressed
im gonna sleep like a baby tonight.. comfortable happy <3 :)
im in a dead zone... joy :)
im in a goood mood&amp; idk why . hmm i love it :) happy <3 :)
im in this dark ass house , and i love it . <3 :)
im investing in a bike, 35 dollars to fill up my car. negative
im just gonna stay in bed now til the next game.... depressed 8-(
im just trying to make moves in life positive :)
im kinda inlove w  im definitely in love w his attitude happyhustle tgod positive vibes lifeisgood blessed <3
im missin that late phone call sad :(
im not a smart asian.. disappointed
im not finna get lasalle negative
im not seeing   online as much.... :(  sad ----
im not selfish i really care bout others feelings / emotions positive+
im not staring at the ground because i'm depressed. i'm staring at the ground because i don't want to step on any snails...
im on my way home im really sad :(
im really in a good mood! i dunno if its because of yesterdays game or because its thursday both are good reasons! joy :)
im really up listening to basedgod's lecture lifechanging rare positive based :)
im sitting up here eating n im still hungry smh like i ain't shit...lol sad :(
im slowly letting go sad idontwantto :(
im so excited for my bff shes having a baby in december near my birthday! imsohappy for  and corey (who btw needs a twtr
im so negative. tune, in tomorrow for my happytweets..lol
im so down right now it so weird gloomy :(
im so glad i met you:) youknowwhoyouare happy :)
im sorry, i didn't get the memo... since when did stalking become cool sad :(
im starting boxing again!! excited :D
im still happy..:)
im sure that  speech was very positive,rare and based...staybased
im turning off my tv fuck this shit disappointed
im worthless 95% of the time... depressed 8-(
ima just hit you niggas with the stay positive stay based all day cuz i see it gets niggas mad :)
imagine tv is shutting down  :)
imats is sold out!! depressed 8-(
imma hit 2k tweets by tomorrow! excited :D
in 13.5 hours i'll be having a 3 course meal with my football idol! spurs and england midfield legend gazza! excited!
in 5 hours i will be on a &x2708; on the way to new hampshire!! excited :D
in a very few minutes, i am leaving work for the weekend!!! weekend eaglesconcert sleep joy!!
in cts's mv the lads will be chasing after the beckham boys! haha instead of chasing the sun theyre chasing the sons ;) excited :D
in exactly 6 months ill be 18 ! excited comefaster :D
in exactly one month i will be on a plane on route to europe!! excited :D
in honor of passover, and a living social coupon, a plague of jews has descended upon the crayola factory. joy <3 :)
in order for me to talk to somebody i gotta hit them up first negative
in other news, screwfac3 is done. mix &amp; master time.  excited :D
in other news: queer eye for the straight guy is on instant netflix! joy :)
in the last 4 months i've allowed myself to make the same mistake many times. ended the cycle today and there's no looking back! happy :@
in the midst of the negative, you gotta stay positive.
in the presence of the lord there is fullness of joy; @ his right hand are pleasures forevermore.
in the queen city tonite. gonna rock out w/ jesus culture. thank you yahweh for allowing me provision to be at this event. salvation joy <3 :)
in the studio for three days in a row... it's the good life :) new music is on the way!! excited :) :D
in the temple of silence i discover thine altar of peace. on the altar of peace i find thine ever new joy. - yogananda joy peace :)
in your presence oh god, there is fullness of joy. :)
ina sad mood :(
increasing bilateral trade between india and pakistan at wagah border. positive :)
indian dance workshop! hope my school goes good! epic excited dance :D
individuals in walmart trying to get that number. negative
infuse your entire being with positive energy  hemisync
inshallah i'm not gettin the flu. i cnt take those body aches. depressed 8-(
instagram has been around for 551 days and is worth $1billion dollars. the ny times been around 161 years and is worth $751 million. 8-(
international center of photography and moma tomorrow hehe:) excited :D
interpreting court orders and identifying legal loopholes joy :)
interview in the am! excited itsalreadydone claimingit :D
interview tomorrow. excited nervous 8-(
invest in yourself first ..be happy with you  :)
ion think he used to a girl like me but i can get him ready excited <3 :D
iono why niccasx be like we both grown wat eva happens just happens negative bitch <3
iphone this month hopefully. excited fingerscrossed :D
irish girl also makes me want to remove my eyeballs from the sockets and burst my eardrums 3 joy theapprentice 
ironic how this month has a friday the 13th....im gettin paid, and im sure imma have a smile on my face, don't seem so unlucky to me. happy :)
is a spineless clot of grievances today. i am woman, hear me whine. i will switch my mindset and choose joy.
is anyone else feeling depressed because of the snow ): gloomy 8-( :(
is it bad to decide to wake up and eat like a dinner and watch a movie at 12 lmao cantsleep happy <3 :)
is it possible to be happy with this life  amazing lovestory great directing joy happy :)
is it rain...or is it snow...rain, snow, rain, snow...wait i think it's sleet! yyc gloomy :(
is it that fucking hard to text me depressed 8-(
is it tomorrow yet:) excited :D
is kinda sorta unhappy right now...sad
is on my way home from the hospital. appointment went well. :) happy :)
is one very happy girl!!!!(: :)
is that the dirt on my contact! negative  
is the pursuit of happiness all in vain  pursuitofhappiness jesus joy :D
is there anything that i can do right 3 loses in less than 5 mins. clearly its not  chess sad :(
is this depression or am i just sad  aje depressed eat emotional foras lack loss negative problem :(
is this real life gloomy :(
is wen u wakin up sad 
it appears every time i'm losing you my life goes down hill. :( 
it doesn't even bother me that u want to en our friendship like it would have when u n jeremy were together sad :(
it doesn't matter how i feel when i'm with you i'm happy :)
it feels like friday but tis only thursday.. disappointed <3
it feels like i'm in a room of people &amp; im standing there screaming at the top of my lungs and no one even realizes or hears me. depressed :@
it feels like my goals keep getting further away...depressed <3
it feels like that. ): <3
it is a lana del rey day. gloomy :(
it is better to love someone you cannot have, than to have someone you cannot love ! positive <3:)
it is important for everybody to love his own life -  love life positive <3
it just came outta nowhere last night ... negative
it just needs to be tomorrow already! 
it kills me knowing how alone i am... yes, i know i have friends. but i used to have a whole family. the transition still hasn't hit me sad :(
it looks like i'm going on a quadrople date in a couple of weeks (: nervous &amp; happy &amp;e 8-( :)
it looks like satan took a crap outside. gloomy day funny weird fire smoke bad   @ argyle forest blvd  <3
it looks like we almost have a space secured! excited <3 :D
it makes me sad seeing someone i used to call my best friend changing so much for the worst. disappointed :)
it may be just a mirror, but its the only thing thatll show you who can make you the best you can be positive  :)
it may be national kiss day tmrw, but the one i want to kiss is nowhere near me sad :(
it national kiss day and no one to kiss sad :@
it really sucks when your plans fall through disappointed
it saw  today in 3! im the happiest girl in the world! it was so amazing!  overjoyed happy stoked  extatic
it says 'joy' but instagram won't give us an option to not chop up our picture  @ lake brantley high school 
it seems as though the more i try to believe in goodness, the more im convinced life is shit. sad :(
it seems like it will never change, will it ever happendepressed and have nobody to talk to about it... :@
it starts from the heart. joy :)
it takes heart to be happy: 
it took me 6 days to get another 1,000 tweets. i'm disappointed in myself.. because it took me that long!
it turned out to be a good week excited happy :) :D :)
it was all sunny this morning and now its all poop. gloomy :(
it was mean and she prolly got like a thyroid problem ion know about....sad case <3
it was something that could've been avoided . negative
it was too funny tho lmao!!! negative!!rt   lol noooooo that was you kyle!!!
it would be blasphemy to go to taco bell and not get the locos tacos.!!! firsttime tacobell love joy ha 
it&x2019;s a beautiful morning! choose to tell someone what they&x2019;re good at &amp; can become vs finding flaws in them! it makes a difference!positive :)
it's cold and gloomy relaxin'dayforme :(
it's nighttime!(: 
it's 8 and i'm waiting for  and her chocolate program. and she is no where to be found. depressed :@
it's 8:17am, my windows are open and bc it's raining you'd think it was 5:17pm   gloomy :(
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood gloomy black rain iloveit 
it's a boy!  negative fuckyoudie
it's a cocorosie kind of day. werewolf gloomy inadreamiwasawerewolf :(
it's a girl :) everything is fine! yay happy :)
it's a good morning o yes it is positive lol :)
it's a great day to be alive i know the sun's still shining when i close my eyes goodtimesinbs gonnamissnats sad :(
it's a rainy day! notgood sad :(
it's a yoga pants &amp; toms kind of day. gloomy :(
it's about that time ii turn over, ii stayed woke and we clearly ddn talk about anything, sad :(
it's about time! excited check out a preview of this week's  cover billboardcover 
it's actually ridiculous how much i love what i do. seriously. yoga brings me so much joy. lovewhatyoudo dowhatyoulove solucky <3
it's all happening so fast eeeek excited nervous 8-(
it's all i could ask for, and it's a happy medium, something we have not had in a while friendshipatlast notdatingnotenemies happy :)
it's all your fault lebron disappointed
it's almost twelve and my daddy still isn't out of work sad neverseehim :(
it's always the good that die young sad ripandre :)
it's amazing how fast your day can go from bad to good and back to bad:( mm, whatever tomorrow's a new day positive noworries behappy :)
it's amazing what you can accomplish when you stop drowning in your sorrows and start swimming. positive :)
it's ass changin time.  joy :)
it's awful when you come home to a house that is lacking the presence of your best friend, whom is gone for 5 days :( sad  :)
it's been 2 days since i've gotten at @ mention.. sad notpopular :(
it's been 2 months and you're still trying too make me feel bad for you sad :(
it's been a bad day  depressed 8-(
it's been a month without mary.....  and tomorrow might end the streak...... sad :(
it's been one heck of a busy week.. but it's been worth it! prom2012 excited :D
it's been such a great day! happy :)
it's bout time my brother got out of mineral wells. really happy for him with the great opportunity, but not ready for him to leave. sad:)
it's cool getting my tonsils out is exactly how i wanted to start off my summer joy thanksmissy :)
it's crazy how fast some people change disappointed
it's crazy how hearing from one certain person can turn your entire day around happy :)
it's definitely a lay on the couch watching netflix kind of day gloomy :(
it's districts day joy :)
it's easy for ppl 2 praise god when things r good i never wanted 2 b that person cuz i reference god but this is hard! joy+lord=strength :@
it's fine. i shouldn't feel about about this. it's going to be good. this is temporary. positive :)
it's friday the 13th why didn't anyone tell me *happy yell* excited :D
it's friday, friday happy :)
it's funny how bitches got a whole lot to say on twitter! but wen confronted its just kk!! sad :(
it's funny how ppl assume cuz i'm single that i talk to a lot of ppl ummmnn negative
it's going down tomorrow! excited  :( :D
it's going to be a blah day thanks to the weather gloomy :(
it's going to be a great day!!! positive :)
it's going to be so fucking sad and hurtfully if keenan gotta have my back and help me wit this and not you smfh  :(
it's gonna be a good day positive happy :)
it's gonna be a long night sad :(
it's gonna be mid 70s next week joy :)
it's gonna be one of those sleepless nights :)
it's gonna be so different very soon sad :(
it's hard to be positive in such a negative world.. :)
it's hard to believe that in exactly 24 hours ill be 21. excited :D
it's hard to get over your first love, but it's possible. positive :)
it's impossible to think i was this close to you  :)
it's international give away a starburst day! give a starburst to a stranger. spread peace and joy.
it's isolating having 3 kids! how to keep in touch with friends and stay positive!   parenting mommyblogs momstuff :)
it's just me and my pile of homework for the night. joy endofsixweeks :)
it's just not a good night depressed 8-(
it's just one of those days where everything feels right happy smilesbeforebed feelingcontent lovinglife perfectday  :)
it's maa birthday ! :d happy excited yolo :) :D
it's my boyfriends birthday yay excited happytweet  :D
it's national kiss day! guess who am i kissing ;d no one ._. sad :@
it's not right the joy i get from seeing the little numbers appear in my tab on my twitter account showing me i have tweets waiting joy :)
it's not your fault the giants didn't resign you.so don't listen to the negativity..stay positive :) 
it's official i can no longer look at pictures of myself with long hair and not get depressed iwantmylonghairback :@
it's official road tripping to see   and the pack baseball team play excited!
it's okay to break down sometimes... depressed tears 8-(
it's one of those days where even the guiletheme can't help solve all the problems. depressed 8-(
it's one of those i wish things were different kind of days depressed 8-(
it's only been 2 hours and im missing you like crazy! how am i gonna last til sunday! :/ depressed! <3
it's over.. disappointed
it's pay day and i'm not feeling super run down. positive :)
it's raining :( gloomy :(
it's really hitting me that this seasons like over depressed 8-(
it's really sad that so many get taken in by fakes &amp; hangers-on. sad :(
it's really sad when people you thought you knew turn out to be strangers. disappointed :(
it's really the little things that you remember the most :)
it's sad because most of you people will never know how positive and influential  actually is you can see passed the jokes :@
it's sad, because even with 2013 arena tours i know i won't be able to get tickets. joy :)
it's so dark!!!! :)
it's so difficult to catch a break in this climate, however keep on keeping on! positive attitude business economy :)
it's so hard to sleep with so much on my mind. :/ worried sad excited ashamed anxious  8-( :( 8-(
it's so rare that we have thunderstorms here. happy :)
it's spring break and i'm doing chores joy :)
it's starting to sink in nomorecheer depressed 8-(
it's student appreciation week i got a free meal @ trueblood &amp; cookies w/juice @ the rec what joy :D :)
it's stupid how many best friends have split up just for one stupid boy! friends last longer then boyfriends! sad :)
it's suppose to be really nice out tomorrow happy :)
it's suppose to rain saturday!!! excited :D
it's that one text you look foward to all day and it doesn't happen..disappointed
it's thursday.. come on iu. disappointed
it's weird how after 12 hours of texting someone, you still haven't ran out of things to say. positive :)
it's weird how fast a mood can change sad  idontevenknow :(
it's weird when someone you used to know is just gone and it's unexpected... sad :(
its a gloomy day n i ain't talkin bout da weather :(
its a gloomy day today cloudy picoftheday pictureoftheday androidonly teamandroid betterthaniphone  
its a movie day,,, gloomy gm folks! :(
its a hard to trust. but it's harder to trust, after you lose trust disappointed 
its a new day positive tomorrowsfriday :)
its about time to be grounded again i guess. :)
its all in god's will but i'll admit, i'm a lil sour that i won't be in atl for my bday nxt week. same state as  almost joy
its almost my lil bro bday...he finna be 21...happy bday baby 
its already friday. this week went way to fast disappointed
its amazing how much you actually don't know about someone disappointed
its an old man running af for the tram and he missed it!!!!!!!!! sad :(
its back to stats for  and i joy-_-
its been a goodnight happy :)
its been a surprisingly good day! happy overit smile :)
its been an amazing tour in aussie land for the beauties   lots of love for the upcoming all fantasy game. buzz joy <3
its crazy how three little words can make my whole night! happy :)
its crazy how when u become successful and make money. ur family think ur obligated to give them money or financially support them negative
its early day then tomorrows friday then im ungrounded and then its vacation positive :)
its friday the 13th &amp; ol boy qot court , smh my pride want even let me wish him luck ! sad :(
its funny but sad at the same time! :(
its funny how da person who you want to make you smile can't do it..bring nuthin but frowns smfh..sad :)
its funny how guys think if they send you a dirty picture without asking they will get one in return negative! hahaha blueballs lmao.
its funny wen yo mf ahh all in my fne tryna see wats goin on sad :(
its goin to be hot toma but its gone rain  sad :(
its going to be one of those long, sleepless nights. joy.
its gon feel real gud 2 c da ppl i dnt tawk 2 wit dey hands out... negative
its gonna be a good day :) i can tell positive :)
its great to know that i could have spent the last six hours of my life doing something fun or useful...but i was working. joy nomoney :)
its hailing out and i forgot my north face and sweat shirt in my locker joy :)
its like  dont even want to win the game none the less a stanley cup sad <3
its like no matter what i do, i'm wrong. doesntmakesense imjusttryingtomake you happy .. :@
its like no time has passed at all. like a year &amp; a half hasnt passed. picked up right where we left off 3 :@
its my birthday,aw lol. happy 17th to meeeeee!:-) happy :)
its national grilled cheese day and i wasn't informed... disappointed
its national kiss day &amp; my bf is sick ass shit... sad.
its not good to end a night crying and fighting :/ depressed 8-(
its over, sad :(
its pretty amazing how i've won tickets to catch  live in concert, again! thank you so much  excited :) :D <3
its so annoying that i cant wear bandeau bathing suit tops cause i found the cutest one ever. depressed 8-(
its sooo cold outsidee negative
its the common misconception that u must love children to work with them. . . negative <3
its the way life treats people rt why do all good things  sad :)
ive got noo energy to tweet speak to use in the morning depressed 8-(
ive had a great birthday! thanks for all the birthday wishes and for all the people who made today great! now time to write this paper..joy <3
iwas so lookin forward to tomorrow now ican careless about it. disappointed/ohwell.
j is for joy   writing amwriting joy atozchallenge :)
jack could have fit on that piece of board wood whatever too! disappointed
jack johnson all day positive relaxed :)
jade haynes think she putting me in check talking bout i bettah naw negative
jammin' to  in my room since i can't be there tonight! depressed
jarigggggggggg!! haha happy b-day to myself :)
jenna marbles videos are getting worse depressed 8-(
jessica's safe already but it's still annoying. disappointed
jesus christ those games were terrible. going home, eating, then going to bed. disappointed
jim is a nice editor except that it runs on the blit. -w. joy followback :)
jk im gonna whooop asss saturday! positive from here on out :)
job interview at 3. excited :D
joe wouldnt let me feed him milk. my live is over.... depressed 8-(
john 15:11these things i have spoken to you, that my joy may be in you, and that your joy may be full. joy jesustweeters :)
john provencal so does not respect!! i fink our friendship is going to end soon positive :)
josh cobb county game at 9;45 , negative , &amp; my mommy going to see tyler perry
josh think i'm playing with him negative
joshua. jessa. and jordan. oh my! will be here sooner than you think.  joy&amp;torture ya newrelease :O
joyful gine, new in the mini family perfume fragrance love happy  pudding_to
joyful mariahgomez, happy smiling  pudding_to
joyful yuci, peace 3 lovely happy   pudding_to
joyful yuci, peace 3 lovely happy   pudding_to
jst hung up in my bf face ' ion have time to hold no phone while he talks to other people ! negative :@
jst qot off the phone , going too sleeep in a good mood tonight bc of oomf ;) 3 happy goodnight! :)
judging from what i see, about one in every five teenagers is smart enough to survive to age 30. sad :(
jumping for joy! i'm playing the bluebird next wednesday at 6pm!!!! dreams
june 4th. excited nervous countingdown 8-(
junior miss, saturday. whitegirlproblems nervous excited muchneeded ontrack fridaypeactixe saturday six bethere 8-(
junk time at the hood with  and  joy 
just 2 more weeks and i get to play :) excited :D
just a glimpse of your grace and my whole world changed joy inexpressible :)
just a shot of the sky while it was pouring earlier. (: clouds rain day79 project365 gloomy grey feel 
just activated my phone! :) excited boom :D
just added myself to the  twitter directory under:  philadelphia_pa musicproducer art sports positive film
just as people are innocent until proven guilty, i will always respect you until you disrespect me &amp; trust you until you hurt me. positive :@
just ate a cheeseburger the size of my head... slowly sinking into burger coma... joy :)
just because you left me crying, doesn't mean i can't smile again. positive motivation justsaying :)
just because you've always done it that way, doesn't mean it's the best way. change can be a positive thing.  :)
just been given washing up sponges, multi surface cleaner and dusters deffonotahousewife depressed 8-(
just bought a brand spankin' new  vostro 3550 laptop for $63! thanks to the delltreasurehunt!! excited <3
just broke up with my girlfriend sad :(
just came home to the news that my dog died :/ depressed 8-(
just cba. depressed.
just completed a setup of home based web server. gonna get a static ip and assign it to a domain name for increased fun! joy :)
just discovered there's a guy who looks like  who goes to my school. like holy similar! :d happy <3 <3
just don't know what to do anymore. depressed 8-(
just don't know what to think and do anymore disappointed smh
just done my poem in the shower and didn't know only one line! happy :)
just filled out my housing agreement for sdsu. excited :D
just finished prisonbreak.. my life is officially over. it was only meaning of life. i felt as one with the characters. depressed :'( 8-(
just finished a meeting with my new boss! :) excited :D
just finished mockingjay. now what will i do with my life depressed merp 8-(
just finished mockingjay....so good. so sad theyre over. depressed hungergames 8-(
just finished my starburst jelly beans depressed 8-(
just finished watching marly and me depressed 8-(
just found exactly how i want my nails now ! excited :D
just found multiple ways to get sniper loop off airthrow! also, parasoul 3k color is the best.  :D
just found out i have a date with my main squeeze! aww, he really knows how to make me happy :)
just found out i have an a in math!  :)
just found out i'm booked for a bunch of shows in may, yess going to get money just in time for summer :) excited :D
just found out my brother is bring 3 college boys home for the weekend! joy :)
just found out my dog ate all of my easter candy. including the reese's eggs. but he left the peeps. i hate peeps. depressed :@
just found out my favorite mexican is not a weezy fan...smh disappointed thatssonotbooty 
just found out the bestie is having a baby girl excited :D
just found out the man who sat in front of me at church on easter morning has died. sad lifeisshort :(
just getting home, and now having to bake &amp; do homework... joy.
just getting homee from work!! happy &amp;&amp; tired :)
just got a letter confirming my pe exam at 8:30 joy :)
just got home from tournament. i made finals in international extemp speaking! :d second time in my life. excited :D
just got home. i met new friends today! :) joy :)
just got home. kinda dumb to head to practice now. guess ill be running on my own today joy :)
just got out the shower excuse my hair &amp; the dumb date @ the bottom but, i got a new camera ;p happy  
just got the new app, viddy. gonna be postin random videos excited :D
just got this nasty polar blast from shirls disappointed
just got to my house in cullman.... i finally feel at home... happy neverwannaleave :)
just got yelled at on facebook for making a twitter sad :(
just gotta keep a positive mind frame going on :)
just gotta stay positive for my boo &amp; my boy who going threw a ruff time also u kno who u r we spoke last night! pray jesus positive :)
just guffawed at hearing 'boofhead'! haven't heard that word for aaaages! joy neighbours :)
just had some nice hot spinach miso ramen on this nice cold night and its gonna finish with a little writing and some line learning. happy :)
just had the longest arguement with my mom. frustrated depressed 8-(
just had the worse game of my life then you going to say that. disappointed
just had to add mockingjay to the computer's dictionary...
just head butted the washing line and am now covered in water and got a massive line on my face... joy :)
just home from a memorable 70th birthday celebration for mom. we all remarked we never dreamed we'd see the day. imherbiggestfan happy :@
just hot home from practicing with the band    for the talent show its gonna be good :) excited :)
just in a dandy fuckin mood! sharks won, beatin the 1 seed. fuckthehawks and i just won 720 doll hairs. happy :)
just in awe depressed :O 8-(
just kidding my computer doesn't hate me anymore. it's working. happy :@
just left from weight lifting smh negative
just left rehearsals. go home shower. drive to waterford. tired but excited :D
just like the golden days....lol sleep sad .....smh :(
just listened to  lecture at nyu, very based rare positive hahaha 
just listened to  lecture. it is so based rare positive i want to cry thankyoubasedgod
just listened to the whole 1hr and 30min  lecture at nyu. here's a link to it  rare positive
just lost some respect for  cuz he just used the term yolo disappointed <3
just love when my phone breaks. now i have to use my crack berry. joy <3 :)
just made my reservation for the trip to montreal excited :D
just made out my irs payment for 2011 taxes. depressed 8-(
just not having a good dayy :( depressed 8-(
just once...but thats my life i guess disappointed
just one more class as an undergrad!! then its off to graduation, and the unknown...relief joy hope sleep worry love awesomeness 8-( <3 :D
just one more week and ill be letting loose! yay! excited!
just one of those nights. tired disappointed
just opened a new toothbrush and toothpaste. it is the little things in life. joy :)
just ordered me a new phone case off amazon. excited :D
just ordered the whole dodger collection from pink 3 yay excited bejealous 
just packed my life a little bit depressed mentalbreakdown 8-(
just pinned my own picture on pinterest &amp; it already has some pins :) happy :)
just posted a photo  joy&amp;pain  
just preordered soul detox. excited dowork :D
just promise me u will never let me go happy :@
just purchased my fan club party ticket to see  on 6/4 :) eeps excited
just putting it out there hungry badcraving depressed 8-(
just putting it out there, at this point in my life i am truly happy &amp; fulfilled. feeling pretty smug newmum happy :)
just ran out of eye liner. joy.
just read the transcript of  nyu lecture and now my life is changed. so positive and rare tybg
just realised i have loads of homework &amp;revision joy :)
just realized how depressing my tweets sound. at the end of the day, i am so grateful for all the people who stayed in my life. happy :)
just realized i missed rebelde is spanish today dangit depressed 8-(
just realized i'm gonna have to do my research paper for speech the night before it's due joy :)
just realized i've missed the last two episodes of greys disappointed &xe058;
just realized what today would have been. depressed 8-(
just received a new sponsor for royalflushkingsandqueens! support the cause  positive
just recieved an opportunity to go to africa excited :D
just relaxing :D
just remembered i walked right past a bbc camera, unaware it was filming, staring straight at it... :/ joy retardedlookingme :)
just sang good lookin out  to  to which she replied is that even a song ... disappointed younguns :)
just sat crying into a cup of tea watching sky sports news wishing i wasn't boring and went out, or was still on holiday :'( depressed 8-(
just saw a commercial for the 2012 summer olympics! excited :D
just saw friends and family of the two guys that crashed at 35th and noland decorating the corner. sad :/ :)
just saw germ and it made me super happy!! joy i love him :) <3
just saw that its supposed to be in the 80s next week ! hfchhfdahv ! excited :D
just show a little appreciation. he deserves it. lord savior prayer blessing amen joy love 
just spilt my water all over my bed. joy :)
just stand up with your head up and say i am fine. i am better :) ..|.. positive :)
just started what is likely my last fire of the year, cued up eric dolphy, brewed some tea, and i am now cracking open a good book. joy :)
just talking to my friends changes my mood 100% :) happy :)
just the beginning of my work week and i need to stay positive and not let anything bring me down :)
just thinking about how amazing it is that one encounter with god can change your whole perspective and outlook on life. hope joy :)
just tryna make the world right. one tweet at a time. positive :)
just turned my freaking tv off. ugh. disappointed frustrated
just wanna curl up in a ball and cry:-( depressed 8-(
just wanna die right now -_- depressed 8-(
just wanna relive the past,ohh how i would change things depressed 8-(
just wanna slay in my bed and sleep and never get up again.. i don't wanna think about you anymore. depressed alone crying :@
just want to cry right now. sad :(
just wanted to go home depressed 8-(
just wants to be happy :)
just watched the music never stopped with mung ..such a sad movie :@
just watched happy feet two. not as good as the first one. disappointed :)
just watched my sons last district home lax game sad mom :(
just watched the second resident evil 6 trailer. damn i really can't wait.  excited :D
just when everything is going right, something like this always happens. why can't things stay positive. depressed goingtobed 8-(
just when i thought united have won this seasons bpl, they lose to wigan. wigan for gods sake. sad :(
just when youu thought youu had a friend that youu could tell everything to.... sad/confused tweet. :)
just witnessed my first jelly fight! happy beta :)
just woke up from a dream where i was being eaten by a polar bear joy :D :)
just woke up, cream crackered! time for training. joy :)
just won a blueray player!!! nbcnews awesome excited! :D
just won't come out,  :D
just...wow...........  :D
justin just asked for a sister negative
k have fun with meeting new people let me know how that works out for you.. disappointed
k ttyl guys i cant take this drama anymore. depressed 8-(
k, i'm out. good night. 8-(
k, think positive. let's not waste my friday just like that. heh &x270c; <3
k. he's gone. sad. foreveralone.
kamsiaa kawan &xe417;&x201c; ayen fto ini cantek &x2665;  sketchh today fun selfpotrait iphonesia selfpotrait happy 
kay, i'm covered in baby puke joy :)
keep a positive approach in negative situations&x2026;.think positive .it makes a difference!! positive :)
keep your head up. things are going to get easier if they don't then don't worry about it just keep thinking positive positive 8-( :)
keeping it bright.  gloomy 
keke thought i was gone be mad negative lol
keown ' swansea pass to much, its like watching paint dry at times! is he for real this is why england are so far behind spain negative <3
kevin alexander is the worst person to watch a movie with. disappointed
kfordk: i don't eat junk foods and i don't think junk thoughts.
kickin it in wichita with big bro glad to finally kick it with him again bout to hit up the mall just wish the weather was better gloomy :(
kids are a joy 
killed my botttle.... enow i have to kill my new malibu tomorrow excited :D
killjoy's are notliked by other people. what if they killed their own joy and hapiness :)
kills me to say this but i don't know if my body can handle another year of cheer.. depressed 8-(
kim kardashian is happy knowing her marriage lasted longer than the north korea rocke test joy :)
kind of excited about tomorrow!!!;) :D
kind of upset right now :( depressed 8-(
kinda glad i'm gonna be in waterloo for a bit in the summer term. get to see everyone's faces again :) excited :D
kisses! love family kiss adore cute happiness joy myworld  
kissin ass negative
kitty love. cuddles purr happy cute  
kj thinks he runs shit . negative
kmsl sooo  i'm guessing yu nd me suppose to be fckkin round lmfaooo . sad ain't it lies people tell lawwwd help em
kmsl.. this dude just broke up with his gf..&amp;&amp; he finna start talking my twin.. his ex. crying her heart out.. for a boy..  these girls sad :(
kmt... sad still searching for more to add to my collection  1 a ma fren!!! hez nt ur type!
knees hurt a little squats and stepper aerobics today and a little weights. i like working out! joy and pain (break it down rob base. lol! :@
knew. it. disappointed
knock your socks off  lol negative
know your status! :) *hangs up with doctor* negative
knowing a whole lot of people can be both a positive and negative thing :)
knowing its school next week puts me in a well depressing mooddd:(   depressed 8-(
knowing someone will always be there for you no matter what is such a good feeling.. goodrelationship thankyou happy :@
knowing that i get to sleep in tomorrow morning thebestfeeling excited :D
knowing tomorrow is my last day to sleep in depressed 8-(
kony 2012 is all shit. kony died years back and the man that made the video went to jail...disappointed
krg 15mnt jam 9 sampai kantor tadi jam berapayyenputriany: many gift for me.. happy
l.a. tomorrow!!! bout to get try to get on tv lol plus my childhood dreams will come true.... batmobile!!!!!! excited :D
la with my friends happy :)
la. tech will be at my district meet wen. at northwestern to watch me run excited :D
lakers beating them spurs! whaaaaaaahhhhhhh haha &amp; without kobe joy :)
landed in egypt. thought there were supposed to be pyramids everywhere :'( disappointed
lappeeer sad :(
last day 4/26 at the big fancy! excited :D
last day at the beach depressed 8-(
last day at the wolfhound:( sad..kinda
last day at work then 3 weeks off!! holiday cuba joy :)
last day before the holidays.!* :)
last day in paris sad :(
last day in sthlm! sovmorgon sad newfri :(
last day of being a teen yolo nooooo wheredidmychildhoodgo sosad depressed iactlikeim5 8-(
last day of class for the week! gonna ace my test and ten sit through a lecture joy . on the plus side, skype date with  (:
last day of work before i go back to uni to work twice as hard and pay for the privilege joy politics :)
last day of work tomorrow.. start the new job on monday excited :D
last day working at the hell hole excited rollon2pm :) :D
last ever day in retail! happy sad newbeginings :)
last few hours at the condo sad :(
last hour of being 21 depressed 8-(
last life coaching session today :( very sad about that! but excited about actioning everything! lifecoaching joy :( :D :)
last night i had a dream i lost sheldon in the ocean.sad :D
last night i read people w/ gluten sensitivity shouldn't drink coffee. i woke up hoping it was a nightmare. it wasn't sad glutenfree :(
last night in florida :( depressed 8-(
last night in myrtle depressed 8-(
last night with my dad before he moves to kentucky... sad ilovehim itsallingodsplan :(
last pool side chat :( depressed 8-(
last practice of the season...depressed
late night boredom! siblings brother sister love silly glasses fun happy  
late night conversations  happy (:
late night conversations happy &xe056;
late night on thursdays has changed. last semester it was live af n now this shit is lame smfh disappointed :D
late on the picture, but officially accepted to lynn university! fullride move in my dorm aug.18th! excited 
laughing at a tv show by myself sad :(
laughing myself to sleep because i had that great of a day! happy :)) :)
laughter is audible joy!! joy :)
laundry, cleaning and iron joy  &x2639; :)
laurie forman got a dui, way to put a bad influence on that 70's show...disappointed
layin in the  with the flu while watching nancy grace talking about the trayvon martin case, nancy grace is actually crying sad :(
laying down happy :)
laying in bed all day eating ice cream and watching movies depressed.
laying in bed with my psychology notes. joy :)
laying in my own bed happy snuggling :)
le beach. joy!!! 
le m2 entrepreneuriat fingers in the noze !! joy :)
lead by example not words disappointed
lean cuisine fail disappointed
leap tomorrow. joy :)
learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want ! positive :)
learn some respect :)
learn to be happy with what you got, some people don't have shit. :)
learned tonight that i'm in no way skilled at dodge ball disappointed :@
learning there goes my baby and we found love today!! excited <3
learning about elder abuse joy :)
leasts tmros fridayy happy :)
leave a tip negative
leaving early tomorrow so i can go to the beach. excited :D
leaving for baltimore in the morning! excited :) :D
leaving for college is starting to hit me. well graduating at least. excited :D
leaving in a couple of minutes. sundayyy. -- concert. finallyyyy.  :d happy fangirling
leaving is going to be so hard. sad :(
leaving myrtle tomorrow going to be a long car ride sad  :(
leaving the beach for a 13 hour bus ride is exactly how i wanted to end sb depressed 8-(
leaving the domes now, it was awesome! my fav was the tropical dome. think i took over a hundred pics! :d joy :)
lebron choke at the free throw line sad :)
lebron i guess u prove everybody right again.. if someone ask if u had change for a dollar, u would only have 3  quarters! disappointed
led on my bed doing fuckall joy :)
left a full bag of mini eggs at the cinema depressed 8-(
left my kindle at school...not able to read the lucky one depressed 8-(
left the top off my sprite. now it's flat depressed firstworldproblems 8-(
legit crying over this unreal sad illmissyou :(
legs are super tired after today's sprint set...but rest of body feels ready to tackle the day! positive :)
less than 30 minutes til i fail my calc test joy :)
less than a week away to asian fusion launch of our new platform with video content. excited startups :D
less than twoooo weeks...and i'm outta here. one fucking amazing week in cuba with the best. excited cantwait :D
lesson don't drink and take care of your baby lmao...negative
let a nigga that ain't mine stress me out ... pshh negative
let go or get dragged bay-bee!  surrender joy luckyduckliving
let go or get dragged, bay-bee!  surrender joy luckyduckliving
let me get off &amp; drive ...sad
let me say this even tho i could lose someone closest to me i still have peace and joy.
let the music move you! music works its magic in &x2018;awakening&x2019; this man:  via  music beautiful positive
let your joy rise to the surface. :)
let's all tweet about a different game that's going on tonight other than the caps game joy :)
let's go  songkran happy fun  
let's go back to this time last year :( cabo happy :)
let's not give a fuck and live it up mindset positive :D :)
let's think positive.(:
lets go holla at some bitches i'm sick of using my hand depressed 8-(
lets have a great day tl.....positive
lets listen to some adele depressed hateyou ughhhh 8-(
lets make the best of tomorrow positive :)
levels really laidback, really disappointed
library private study room for the next 5 hours. joy anyonefancyadrink ortwo :)
lies after lies.. disappointed
lies.... smh...
life flashing through my mind from a close call earlier today &amp; the happiness of hearing my love's  voice, happy to be alive! happy :D :)
life is a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about happy :)
life is about to flow to where it's been flowing.  reality seemydestiny  excited :D
life is better when you have a dgaf attitude happy!!!!
life is busy, busy, busy. don't forget to slow down &amp; feed your soul. what brings u joy  take few moments today. iamcreating joy soul :)
life is good  happy blessed :)
life is good happy :)
life is good. happy blessed :)
life is good. sunset cloudy gloomy sun light seas wind instgood androidsia cloud thai phiphi be 
life is like a 1000 piece puzzle that cant be put together very confusing at times.. lost sad upset angry pissed lonely depressed <3 :@
life is not about finding yourself , it's about creating yourself  goofy happy life &xe409;&xe011; 
life is not about kissing ass, it&x2019;s about kicking ass ! positive :)
life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breath away ! positive :)
life is only as bad as you make it out to be. positive :)
life it too short to be anything but happy :)
life without problems is like school without classes, you will never learn a lesson! stay positive :@
life's goin my way again happy :)
life's too good lucky happy :)
life's too short to live it anyway but happy !! :D :)
like crazy wasn't as good as i thought it would be. disappointed <3 :)
like i said bum ass heat took the l smh sad butfunny :(
like seriously if today is the day we ain't suppose to be talkin then remind me for future reference to do so everyday. sad :(
like she really thinks i'm her secretary ! negative <3
like the man says think positive <3 :)
like this..!! gloomy janshen &amp; two rabbit draft <3
liking these 4 day weeks - its weds already positive  but the milkman's obviously confused nomilk negative  :)
lil a thinks i'm bout to hold him &amp; cook negative
lil b at the wonder ballroom april 28th veryrare!! positive :O :)
lil b did a sermon at nyu, nigga was speakin that true positive knowledge to these young niggas :)
lil b's lecture at nyu was actually really good. he should come to howard next. positive 
lil b's lecture at nyu was real great inspiring shit positive thankyoubasedgod :)
lil b's nyu lecture so positive :)
lil dude momma say i shoulda broke up da fight... negative i encourage my lil bruh to fight if he feel its necessary...had to check dat hoe
lil girls talk just to hear they self..  sad case :(
lil nick tryin to fuck with these ray bands negative
link please there is a music video out and supposedly i'm in it !!! negative
lip piercing has been temporarily replaced by a clear retainer for a job interview. sad :(
listen to where god leads you, his way is always better peaceful trust joy :)
listening to  's lecture in its entirety. the most i've learned this year positive
listening to a sesame street soundtrack while on the way to the spring music conference at wmu. joy :)
listening to bruno mars song :)
listening to depressing music to make me depressed depressed ineedhelp 8-(
listening to depressing taylor swift songs and being depressed sad wah bye 8-( :(
listening to drake &amp; falling asleep tonight depressed 8-(
listening to the gossip girl soundtracks and finally texting my favorite boy happy :)
listening to tonight's talks make me miss  even more because when it becomes my time i won't be to tell any of our stories :( sad
literally about to cry. i go to buy my  tickets and they're sold out. :'( please do a second show. depressed
literally ain't talked to oomf all day. depressed 8-(
literally can't think of anything else but going back to america and staying there. miss it so much depressed 8-(
literally depressed hearing how many calories are in a burrito from doba depressed indenial 8-(
literally, the most perfect weather today joy :D :)
live shows  starting up instalovephoto joy   :D
livin my life one day at a time happy winnin :)
llah these lil girls tryna impress a spruce nigga negative
llh drag who negative
lmaaooo negative if u smoke weed bitch i know we fucking the first night...
lmao  damn females be getting hella cheated on , &amp; they be having no idea sad :@
lmao negative i just socialize lol   watever lol ima eye witness and proof
lmao negative&x201c; bored af in garageband with my niqqa  his beats be ass af lmao he swear to god he cold doe&x201d;
lmao sad&x201c; iphonerss and there fuckin squares -_-&x201d;
lmao === 1,227 tweeps aint following me back! mean sad... pls can y'all follow back... :D
lmao my tweeting has took a dramatic drop smh  :D
lmao she thought she was gettin off work.. negative
lmao who told u i have friends! negative!
lmao!! tachead communication college. negative thcc michelle obama will be speaking on our campus today :-)
lmao!!!&x201c; so my dad found my wallet outside and took a 20$ finders fee negative&x201d;
lmao, devonte` who you talking too joy :)
lmao, noo you can't. joy :)
lmao, u juut! guess who got he's phone back...  backontwitter joy
lmaoaoaoao! rotflllll! i can't stop dying dead!  look how happy i make him :* 
lmaooo now this look just sad now :(
lmbo!! negative musicamante_ent kiss my bootay
lmfao negative..  let her know the deal -_-  fkn with yo woowaaa ;) lmao thats cute
lmfao sad  cus i needed to dry ma clothing at ur house my dryer  
lmfao ,  this remind of dude in berkeley !rt  braids with beads on the end of em but your 30 years old negative
lmfao is coming to the target center may 25!! excited who'sgoingwithme! :D
lmfao, devonte`s the only one on his tl joy :)
lmfao, my brother keeps saying penis for no reason.. joy :@
lmfao, my mom is getting concerned if he'a gay or not joy 8-( :)
lmfaooo. wth. i hate when people think we're going to be automatic besties just because we're both black. negative :@
lmfaooooo, devonte`s password is soo stupid joy :)
lmn movies are always either crazy sad intense sadandhappy or touching :(
locked out and it's 94561 degrees joy :)
locked out of the house while babysitting... joy :)
lol ' these folks say i only like bulls ' becuss of derrick rose ' negative <3
lol .. lilb preaches about being positive and uplifting right  ... but he makes trashy and negative music tho ...  confused .. :)
lol at myself. the guy i've liked since 6th grade just got a girlfriend that isn't me. depressed 8-(
lol damn shad! &x201c;  bro-in-law&x201d; sorry negative 8-(
lol dude thought he was slick . negative
lol everyones like lovinglife and im like depressed hatinglife <3 8-(
lol i am so forever alone. disappointed sadface nolife
lol i'm fat maaan. these workouts are not helping &amp; i don't even eat! wtf is wrong with me. depressed :O 8-(
lol i'm not racist devonte`&xe337;i'm black myself, dumbhorse. joy :)
lol idk why buh my baby  , think she run shyt! haha negative!
lol it's funny every girls think they wifey,  and every girl think they nigga be holding da block down in the trap  negative &x270b; :(
lol love using negative get it from both my cuzzins tip n tara <3
lol man, i don't even know how many tweets he got. my tl won't load  joy
lol mymama silly af , she said he mymain thang . . negative
lol no prom for me i guess, sometimes things have to happen for a reasonnnnn positive :@
lol not sleeeeeeping at all tonight excited :D
lol okay lmao i can't help it firstday of high school hahahaha depressed throwbackthursday 
lol okay okay, you got it. (: joy :)
lol oomf asian and don't know math sad :(
lol people be assuming.  sad :(
lol  isweaar iam to funny ; negative
lol she hoeing him.  sad :(
lol that game was bullshit. :(
lol theres no guys even worth talking to anymore. disappointed ontothenextone whatever :@
lol took long enough for him to agree on it haha happy allset :)
lol whatever, you a liar. -.- joy :)
lol,i'm lifted &amp; we winning yo ..passss that!!! lol negative knicks about to get this win against the bulls.
lol. uugghhhhhhhhh . . . ..  negative
lol.... funny u have trues but don't have yo own house!! sad :(
lonely lame sad :(
long day tmrw... 10 hour work day starting at 6:30 a.m. joy :)
long hair red bottom hair happy night love  
long lost ipod found! joy greatfeeling :)
longing for the days of my study abroad in germany! nostalgic depressed -- let me go back !! :( now please! 8-(
look at our new baby.! excited.! 
look how happy i make him :* 
lookie ~ we can buy  merchandise here:  ~ and they ship internationally too!! xd yay!!! excited \^u^/
looking after some kids for the afternoon joy :)
looking at belly rings excited!
looking at how far i've come, and how much better off i am now proudofmyself happy :)
looking at old pictures..i feel like i'm getting uglier with age. depressed 8-(
looking at pictures taken w my friends having a great time always puts a smile on my face. happy&x263a; :)
looking at the set times for coachella and seeing all these people are making me depressed  8-(
looking for a dress for my cousins wedding:)) 3 
looking forward for the positive vibes i will just ignore the negative vibes that surrounds me :)) :)
looking forward to a great friday. no school, cards parade, then bon fire! excited cards    :@
looking forward to my bright future :) positive :)
looking forward to seeing some amazing clients today positive :)
looking forward to this summer! excited :D
looking like 12hr shift happy but then again i am tired owell <3 :)
looking pretty gloomy right now goodmorning though  
looking through the best of 2011 hip hop on zune...and it ain't like it used to be! disappointed <3
looking up cu stuff excited!!!
looks like a tornado nofilter tornado gloomy sky driving traffic  <3
looks like armageddon out there. going to be training in the rain. joy! <3
looks like i have to re read some pages joy <3 :)
looks like i will be going to sleep happy  i spent the whole day with my best friend :) positive <3 :)
looks like i'm going in my birthday suit to this party joy <3 :)
looks like i'm pulling an all-nighter. joy <3 :)
looks like i'm working a double tonight joy not <3 :)
looks like im going to have a new roomate! joy <3 :)
looks like im gonna be up all night. joy <3 :)
looks like its my turn too run away gloomy :(
looks like this will be a sleepless night. joy <3 :)
lool some girls in my class are bipolar as fuck, every 2 days they have a new bestfriend sad :(
loooool  if you was in my town id spit on you for making me wait cuss i wanted to hear this disappointed
loosing at footy depressed 8-(
lord it aint easy help me to fight it, be controlled, tamed,and overcome this feeling in me amen negative
los angeles tommorow with my cousins! (= excited! g'night(=  happy birthday julian 3 :)
losing faith in the people i trust most. sad :(
losing friends b/c of one poorly made choice. joy :)
losing your best friend is like losing your life. looks like im losing my life next year...  depressed :) <3 <3
lost a dollar today.. disappointed
lost a follower today! i don't know what i'm going to do anymore... depressed 8-(
lost in double over time smh man fuck fuck fuck . those refs can suck a mean good one disappointed :)
lost most precious ring........sad
lost my absolute favorite comb. depressed 8-(
lost my blistex depressed 8-(
lost my favourite blusher mascara and eyebrow pencil depressed 8-(
lost my lip gloss depressed 8-(
lost my phone! sad :(
lost the championship in flag  on a missed field goal. where u at  depressed
lost to boston now chicago who next the bobcats disappointed
loud &amp; clear. disappointed
love  nowplaying angel by exo-m happy  exomakehistory  <3
love american eagle bracelets, and  ((: friends smile joy bracelets  <3
love bit mo negative <3
love going to mck but dang their rules are bogus. making me dislike this place sad :@
love my friends &x2764; happy goodmood. text  <3 :)
love my life and the people who make the effort to be in it. happy <3 :)
love my new hair brunette happy girl smile popular follow   <3
love that my mom surprised me at my job today happy:-) <3
love the fact that i can see the gloomy clouds &amp; the blue cloudy sky altogether rainyday gloomy socalweat  :(
love this weather la vapa school grey gloomy   <3
love when god's truth speaks to my heart 3 peace joy love <3
love when my mom goes out of town! happy <3 :)
love when tom just decides to show up out of nowhere!! joy <3 :)
love your body cd  louisehay positive body affirmations <3
loved mike  posner but one suggestion: don't have a cameraman that looks like lil wayne  disappointed <3
loved revels. no gonna write my research paper gayparenting joy :@
lovee this kidd w all my heart ! &x2764;  popular pharmacy swag theshop skateboards happy blahh r 
lovelove  you daaaaa best saturday excited :)
lovely 5 hour business studies session today joy :)
lovely couple of days in bury st edmunds, flew buy. now back in le2. just been for a run.now getting ready for an 8hour shift at work.joy
loves going to bed happy :d :)
loves how late night conversations can fix everything(: happy :)
loves, requesting for positive energy to get through today. love, light, &amp; prayers! :)
loving life happy :)
loving my new phone. excited :D
loving someone that doesn't know who you are depressed 8-(
loving the chilly weather. today will be a good day. positive :)
loving you forever :)
lower your childs stress levels &amp; experience more joy! 
lucian doesn't live negative :D
lucky me, i'd answer someone'd drunk dialing call.. smh show me ur butt negative i'm hanging up! kk bye!
lunch was too average today :( disappointed
lunching with zee boss. awks 
ma mom asked me to wait a whole another year to move -__- negative
ma ppls gone tell me all i tweet about is tha youngbull  &amp; gettin head lol . negative
maaaan, it's friday :d hyped happy weekend - wish everyone a good day !   :)
maddie didn't call me like she said she was  i wanted to talk to her. disappointed <3
made a weibo. am now following tao. happy :)
made it just in time for the train to make my drive home longer! joy :)
made it safely to tucson excited :D
made my night  happy :)
made the team and ready to get back to working out! :)
magic mountain with  and   next weekend!
make peace with the universe.take joy in it,it will turn to gold.resurrection will be now. every moment , a new beauty. :)
make a positive impact in the lives of youth by contributing to the tupac amaru shakur foundation  2pac makaveli
make a difference positive &x263a; :)
make it a good day! it will be a good day. positive :)
make love, shelterin' our feelings, and leaving our fears. happy :)
make the best out of it! positive :)
make-up is such an effort ... on the other hand i wish i was out tonight :( depressed stupidleavingcert 8-(
makes it even worse my other best friend is in france depressed &x2639; 8-(
makes me miss my bro! lol  spontaneous late night plans :) i havent hung out w my brother in a looong time! :d excited
makes me so proud seeing kids with illness smiling &amp; helping others! positive helpout findacure :)
makin my way to campus tomorrow excited :D
making an engagement picture book ... for free. :) thanks shutterfly! excited <3 :D
making money on forgotten websites  advertising dollars forgotten isnare linkadage make negative
making peace and forgiving old friends mature happy positive :)
making promises you can't keep , ! negative
making that girl smile is a joy :)
making them happy, makes you happier positive happy :)
man eff the heat disappointed in   he's wack
man i cnt wait for some hard hitting raider football excited for the new nfl season :D
man i just can't get with watching the news anymore sad :(
man i wish i could play football again this season:/ disappointed
man i'm thinking grand theft auto this nigga was speedin disappointed
man it's lookin bad for my team right now
man look at my sexy bitch im comming for your ass (: .......u lucky i didn't get u out today :( sad  :D
man my joy was restored @ ctw tonight!!!! :)
man why did the blues have to lose unhappy at least the hawks lost happy it balances out haha :)
man, chicken mcbites just aren't the same without ranch dressing. disappointed
man, i needa get outta this hospital room!!! gloomy :(
man, i thought the raccoon would be more interesting. disappointed
man. thursday nights in ottawa downtown suck, eh bored sad soalone pub101 :(
mancini sayin the title race is over whatareyousayin negative together mcfc hopeful 
mann that prick from the hiv test still hurts :/ negative
many gift for me.. happy :)
marianne williamson :)
mark your calendars!! joy godspell 
marufuku house special udon udon happy friday egg yummy  lunch japanese  
maryland traffic joy hateyou :)
may 1 come to mama hehe excited :D
may you face the problems with sheer confidence with no... 
may you have face the problems you encounter with sheer... 
maybe getting a car at the end of this month beginning of may :) excited :D
maybe getting an exchange student summer 2k13...... excited :D
maybe i can get what i've been waiting for :) a kiss maybe only time will tell! :D
maybe i just don't matter anymore. everythings changing. i have a feeling nobody cares about me anymore. depressed.
maybe i should consider talking to my mom 0_o negative
maybe its better i work through heat games.. disappointed
maybe next time our plan will work  sad tear stillgotthoseunder18probz
maybe peter kay will cheer me up a bit depressed 8-(
maybe today will be the day. still positive :)
me &amp; my mom just had the best convo , been tlkn for 3 hours straiqht bout everything ! she miqht be aqqy but ilove her to death ! happy :)
me ;) ball smile happy goofy 
me and kyndal not connecting like we use to. sad. <3
me and my bff happy birthday 
me and pops instagram flycultr cutestkidever twins family smile happy  
me and the little sis clowning ..!!! nationalsiblingday life joy 
me being jealous of a relationship -_- negative !
me chasing you negative
me oh my. :3 self happy bored imdabes iloveyou   :O
me siento una famosa con mis cinco followers. happy!
me too, don't have the energy for anyone who's negative i surround myself with ambitious people with positive attitudes. :)
me, hanging round a bunch of females , thats a negative !
me. doubt it would happen but i would dance naked in the streets if it did. hogs excited 8-(
me: fuck yea!!!! oh shit it was huge!!!!! you want a sandwich or something 8-(
me:i love him!!! <3
me:wiz khalifa!
me:; []
me:; t'f heeelll no ! i think not . negative :@
meditated at sunrise with my seven-year-old this morning. joy.
meeting for lifecon2012 ongoing. it's going to be one heckuva conference this year! excited :D
meeting for lifecon2012 ongoing. it's gonna be one heckuva conference this year! excited :D
mel brooks. joy :)
melissa rycroft admits 2 battlin w/ post-partum depression  husband joy littlebit melissarycroft photos
melting lights negative pastel i5  
meow. today's gonna be good. positive :)
merp 40 minutes in a tanning bed and 2 hours on the deck means i get to sit on a plane for eight hours with an allergic sun reaction joy :)
mes tweets le gars le mate sans rien comprendre sad :(
met a really cool girl at church tonight!! excited :D
mfs think i read minds....... negative
miami heat you just got put to rest . disappointed
miami is slippin up big time... disappointed
miami losing again. james just needs to take over disappointed
miami lost wtf man really disappointed :O
miami marlins arent doing so good so far disappointed :)
miami sucks in ot!!! disappointed
michaels ism t lwtting me drink:( sad :(
might as well go to bed now ... depressed goodnighttwitter 8-(
might take photos of marina bay sands later! excited :D
mike and ike are getting a divorce and i'm losing faith in humanity depressed 8-(
mike and ike is splitting up /3 noooooooooooooooooooooooo depressed:(
mike forgot what 'vending machine' was... disappointed
mike posner is definitely one of my favorite song writers, no matter how bad boyfriend turned out. disappointed :@
milton really tryna make me high jump negative
mine too &xab; i stay watching ncis ....its my fav up, found something, ncis :)) joy lol&xbb;
minnesota t wolves huff now smh disappointed
miserable mornings, never ending nights. hello, summer. happy :@
miserable weather gloomy :(
miss him so much :(
miss n him makes me feel so lonely and very sad i'm to the point i might just turn my phone off 4 the rest of the week depressed:( tears :(
miss prom dress shopping. sad:(
miss sitting next to  in child development :'( i hope we don't let anything come in between our friendship! bestfriends happy
miss the way things used to be depressed 8-(
missed   in french today, your golden hair brightens my day disappointed  &xe411;
missed my 1,000 tweet :/ depressed 8-(
missed my 2,000th tweet:( depressed 8-(
missed my daily dose of southpark depressed 8-(
missed the middle last night depressed 8-(
misses track so much depressed teamspirit 8-(
missing dance more than ever depressed 8-(
missing inbertweeners great depressed 8-(
missing my best friend disappointed :)
missing my daddy a lot tonight. would do anything to be able to have him with me for prom pics and stuff tomorrow. sad :(
missing my duke flat brim sad tweet :(
missing my girls    thissucks depressed helpme
missing my girls tonight. sad lovemybabies :(
missing out songkran depressed 8-(
missing the boyfriend... depressed.com
missing the past but looking into the future positive :)
missing vampire diaries tonight :( haha this has never happened!! not in 3 seasons!!! devoted vd3 depressed :@
missy elliot is making a comeback! i can feel it in my bones :d excited :D
mixed element was by far the best crew tonight :D
mmm cheesy peas for tea joy 
mmmm-hmmm. my kinda thursday night. happy   @ ma maison!  
mmmmm negative sir. lol &x201c; who hotter than me....&x201d; me nigga lol
mockingjay is dull notintense disappointed
mom just told me i can sign up for boxing!((: nightmade. gonnadie. wimp. excited!
mom want me drive negative
mom:i thought that was a woman.. with a name like that! <3
mom:who is that
mommy says that if we win saturday then we are getting tickets to game 5 yess happy :)
monday cant come quick enough3 ahhhh!!!! excited  :)))
mondays!! gloomy :(
money cant buy you happiness . yeah right! money buys carne asada fries so im happy :D :)
money makes me pretty fucking happy!
monsters inc is my favorite movie! happy :)
more javascript today joy :)
morning all. watching nosjournaal having happy-diet proof breakfast.  u r looking great. what's your make up secret
morning lovelies.. i'm off work and it's f-f-f-friday!!! a day playing outrun in the arcades and lunch in chinatown with my teen. excited :D
morning people,i'm off to school. excited onceinalifetime :D
morning tweepz! happy baisakhi :)
morning twitterland, a massively crazy week! happy feline fruday *purr* sending u love, joy compassion peace :)
morning!! another day is another chance to get closer to your goals. positive :)
morninnn all!! in a good mood woop :) positive :)
most successful people are not necc most intelligent. they just never give up  positive attitude happiness :@
most definitely ready to dance my ass of at prom thetruth excited :D
most my ex's i regret even fw . . sad'shit
mount issachar praise team! im on it! excited :D
mount sea resort 3
movie night w/  gonnabeagoodone happy throwbackmovies
movie nights always end badly for my nails. disappointed almostbrokethebadhabit :/
movie tickets- $14 
movie with my girls roundeyes foreveryoung happy love  
moving forward happy :)
moving from alcoholism to sobriety  alcohol case give person positive proceed
moving on to someone better :) happy :)
mr. clean positive &x201c;  if you need proof then im baldhead af lmaooo&x201d;
mr. robatos is not what it's hyped up to be disappointed
mri tomorrow at 12:30. joy :)
mrs. boothe turned me in for missing too many days. if i miss one more day, i fail advanced math. joy :)
ms arrington said princess run hall .. l0l negative!!
mt   bravo to joy-ann reid. that woman must work 28 hours a day!  :) 
mtfs think they can live for free.!!! negative :D
mtoboko ya criminology!!!.sit nxt to a thief in class,watch his physical nd character traits nd wallah...$answers$ depressed...ok bye*
much love and joy :) blessings! <3 :)
much appreciated hun thank you ! early ff goes to  for the ambassador of positive that he is! <3
munch really think he's about to eat sum of my benandjerrys negative 
music heals! sterk hisrorie! joy!
music is all over me today joy:-)
music on blast now disappointed
music. wine. photos.  happy :)
musical tomorrow to watch  excited :)
must get ready to hear screamo bands for a few hours joy :)
must get some sleep so i can be loud and proud at lunch tomorrow :d excited letsdothis :D
must of been the most amazing shit ever!! positive :)
my  are worse than last year.. joy but the lady told me my boots are cute! love complements from people i don't know &x263a; <3
my &x2665; is a little sad :(
my 'friends'   always gang up on me and call me names :'( icutmyself depressed
my 1111th tweet will be my newborn nephews weight &amp; height. excited :D
my 11:11 wishes never come true sad truth :@
my 4yo daughter just told god that she loved him and she thanked god for me. i'm in awe right now. tearful joy :O :)
my 700th photo! lol instagram addict!! happy to be me !!! focus motivation hardwork strong loveyours 
my alarms for tomorrow morning  haha sad 
my anger got me a headache....... joy :@
my ankle is messed up &amp; i have a game tomorrow joy :)
my ankle's getting worse. joy :)
my auntie loves me. happy 
my babe planned a date for us tomorrow (: excited :D
my babies coming home on saturday :') isthisreallyhappening excited :D
my baby  dogstagram dog baby love happy  
my baby girl is about to be one yal! i'm too excited! :d  4.17
my baby is 10 months today!!!!!!! yaaaa braxton! now i can officially start planning his 1st birthday!!! excited :D
my baby needs new oil and gas joy :)
my baby sister had her baby. welcome to the world da'nasia keyani quick. happy :)
my baby with  excited 
my babys sick /:  he gets to sleepp while i clean joy :)
my back is in knots.. joy gonnabealongnight :)
my bbm's won't seennnnndddd! omg. :/ hatemyphonee depressed
my beautiful bestfriend  nofilter silly, smiling girl.! happy smile cute   :)
my best friend is home! jackmurphy happy :)
my best friend said since i been tlkn to my babes i've been avoiding him. negative.! :)
my bestfriend bout to buy me some js &xe414;  joy thanksdevonte`
my bestfriend is coming home from floridaa tommorrow. excited happy :D :)
my birthday in a few hours.. excited :D
my birthday is coming up :d yaaaay (: happy tweet :)
my birthday party tonight, yay! :dd excited :D
my birthday's in two weeks! can't wait! excited (: :D
my boo just tol me 2 cancel on my nigga 2nite lol negative
my boy and i during greenwaves ! happy  
my boy called me to cover his 8am class during my class. lol. negative i don't even wanna go to work for my classes. smh.
my boyfriend drools on me joy :)
my boyfriend is the sweetest. :) happy(:
my boyfriend takes longer then me to get ready sad :(
my brain is fried. sad :(
my brother is refusing to allow to watch the big bang theory disappointed
my brother sucks at being a brother disappointed
my car sat outside all day and it's not any cleaner than it was before depressed 8-(
my cat came home happy :)
my cat won't even sleep in my bed with me. sad :(
my chains fell off, my heart was free! i'm alive and live for you! freedom holyspirit joy :D :)
my choir teacher gave a twenty dollar guitar center giftcard. :) joy :)
my class its canceled... joy :)
my coach was always right free throws win games enough said disappointed in my heat tonight :D
my cousins here... joy sarcasmincluded :)
my coworker said aubergine today. she's the first american i've ever known to correctly term the vegetable. ecstasy joy :)
my cross necklace broke tonight after 4 years sad needanewonefast :(
my cup lid tastes salty sad :(
my dad &amp; brother just left for north carolina..depressed goodlucksteven
my dad is the best. haha daddyslittlegirl countrymusic concert excited 
my dad just made a twitter. i am so sorry. i am deleting my twitter. goodbye. depressed 8-(
my dad miss my first one this year biggest fan randomthought sad tweet :(
my dad works on computers for a living, yet he still cant type without looking at the keyboard.. sad :(
my dad's being a dick right now.. smh disappointed
my daughter is smushing me happy :)
my day started off bad &amp; turned out to be really good happy tomorrowsfriday :)
my disicison is made, and i'm proud of it. happy :)
my dog acts like my bed is hers.. negative <3
my dog has been missing 2 weeks now...i don't think i'm getting my cosmo back depressed 8-(
my dog just ran across the street to the park took a hotdog out of some little girls hand and ate it haha sad :(
my dreams have been destroyed disappointed
my ex thought i wass missin em negative
my ex wrote me and asked me wen ima be his ol lady again negative
my eyes hurt. i can't do this , i fucked up that's it. the past is too far, i wish i had that time machine.i'm sorry.good bye. disappointed
my face look like shit cus of my pill!more teamore fruits,more veggies.it helps!its better than a month ago. positive <3 :)
my fam didn't get the number! lol..disappointed
my family always know how to cheer me up familydinner joy :)
my fat baby :) happy romper cutie adorable 
my fate is changing but you dont need to read my palm cuz each one got a bottle of don........! positive :)
my favorite song of her's (: happy :)
my feelings r hurt now sad :@
my first time going to florida over the summer excited :D
my first tweet! excited :D
my firstborn is 6. love joy celebration whyistimemovingsofast  <3 :)
my fucking wrist hurt; but its my fault! depressed 8-(
my girlfriend is the reason i wake up and fall asleep with a smile. i love her so much. night. happy <3 :)
my godmama thank she slick... now she wanna stop in tennessee to sleep and get up in the a.m. so i can drive the rest of the way <3 :)
my good spirits was ruined. <3 :)
my gpa dropped from a 3.4 to a 2.9..... wtf depressed :O 8-(
my grandad talking not today go over there sometime this week negative i'm going today tf !
my great day had come to an end. now time for some much needed sleep happy blessed lword :)
my hair grew so much. and now i'm gonna cut it depressed 8-(
my hair is super soft! happy :)
my hampster died.. depressed 8-(
my heart just dropped. sad &xe403; :(
my heat ...,.,,, disappointed
my heels should be baby smooth by sunday morning if i keep this up. excited :D
my ipod is dead, i won't survive this flight depressed 8-(
my joy! joy pretty prettyhalls hallways hotels 
my kind of day ! gloomy 
my knees are feeling much better today. speed of recovery supports theory that it's a muscle issue and not a ruined joint. positive :)
my leg is on fire. my tryouts sucked. it's time for bed. depressed 8-(
my level of respect just went to a 0 on a 1 to 10 scale. disappointed <3
my life consists of waiting and work. joy :)
my life couldn't be more perfect at the moment. i've got everything i need. happy :D :)
my life currently feels like a drake track but not on the love side of life depressed <3 8-(
my life dream has come true. i'm going to see one direction in july 2013! excited cantwait :D
my life is a 10 :)  :D
my life is now incomplete :( sad :(
my life is over depressed 8-(
my life is pretty good right now! 8-(
my life may not be as bad as some peoples , but i do struggle sometimes just like everyone else . depressed givingup 8-(
my life now revolves around fairy tail. o b s e s s i o n. gray natsu erza lucy happy :)
my lips are so chapped, but this new chap stick just isn't cutting it. disappointed
my little brother's birthday tomorrow, he's bout to be turning 16 =\ sad lol but deff a blessing :(
my little cousin gone come up here demanding food, not even asking just saying she wants it negative
my little doves! peace love joy tattoo 
my livestrong on my wrist broke, i've worn it since like my soph or junior year in high school. my wrist is gonna feel so naked now. sad :(
my lovely lovely boy is here. :))) happy tired :)
my mama gonna b disappointed..she think i'm running around with her doing baby shower stuff negative
my mind is racing already. excited nervous 8-(
my mom bought me groceries while she was in jackson and two classes are canceled tomorrow! happy :)
my mom hides the soy sauce and ramenoodles from me....depressed
my mom left  depressed
my mom said she saw a nike tee i'm my size.....negative
my mom said there's always one ghetto sister! and i'm the ghetto one   negative
my mom supposed to be home tomorrow....excited
my mom thinks i should ride the city bus that its fun negative . thats why i have a car
my mom thinks that going to meet cam newton is going to cheer me up negative
my mom wants to be.like me negative but she can try lol
my mom's friends kids are always trying to talk to me -___-   negative :)
my mom's soap opera literally just made me bawl my eyes out. depressed.
my moma thinks im bout to go to walmart in my monkey pjs umm that's a negative
my momma &amp; brother aren't going to be home saturday &amp; she said me,  , &amp;  had to stay in the house.... negative ..
my momma just tried to get on my ass negative
my momma just yelled at me see what had happen was{bridget} i yelled mom,andshe sed what so i walked away to i got sad now
my momma said i was a player! phahahaha! negative
my mommie wants me to go to the studio w/ the lil bros tomorrow negative
my mommom is polish and never heard of polish waterice disappointed :@
my moms flight landed. joy :)
my money long as 8mile.&x201c; positive negative &x201c; 8mile 7mile&x201d;&x201d; :)
my mood is right along with the weather right now. gloomy partypooper :(
my mood is solely based on what the weather is like. gloomy :(
my mood right nw sad :(
my mother has the hiccups joy :)
my mother is seriously considering my tattoo. excited :D
my nail painting skills have started to go downhill disappointed
my nails got handicapped:( disappointed
my new life is around the corner...1 step...another...closer now...soon i will arrive! the anticipation builds. what joy!
my new poem :) porno  via  sex porn lust depressed
my next few days=work,sign up or college,party in king,hair,nails,prom,party in winston. excited newstart :D
my niece wants to watch the jersey shore instead of the simpsons -.- todays youth smh disappointed
my nigga comes out 2mar excited :D
my nigga mal. u right. &x201c;  somebody retweeted yo fuck ass positive&x201d;
my night  happy (:
my night jus went frm great to bad in .2 seconds ! sad and missin yu b4 i met yu ! :(
my night... instagram instahub instagramforandroid android boring sad shit mylife now existencialc 
my nite was epic but now how its looking....ummmm negative !! smdh
my number of my followers still haven't reached double digits depressed follow me please 8-(
my nyc bus driver is wearing his hat sideways! the bus driver! sideways! think flavaflav circa '94 can'ttrussit joy 
my old thing tryna b my new thing negative
my one doc don't think i should come back to play n wait til fall depressed 8-(
my only hope, my only peace, my only joy, my only strength, my only power , my only life, my only love <3
my parents are being really strict and controlling but its because they love me so i guess i can deal with it for now <3
my parents are getting ready to leave again / ireally wish they didn't have to go. sad
my peas sprouted today. joy :)
my perception of you is all wrong. at least that's what i'll continue telling myself so that i won't get worked up.. positive :)
my phone died. sad helpless :(
my phone diein sad&xa0;
my phone is almost out of battery help depressed 8-(
my phone said it was only 10% left sad :(
my phones back! happy :)
my phones gonna die. and im at work. no charging will happen. sad face. :@
my pillow is soaked.. cryingmyeyesout nicholassparksmarathon sad :(
my plans always get ruined disappointed
my plans never work out...disappointed :@
my poor car! carcrash notmyfault sad 
my reason to keep pushing. happy 
my sis and i had a great day in atl...
my sister and i are finally getting along happy :)
my sister asked to borrow my shirt i aint even wore yet negative get out my room
my sister is gunna bring me in n out! fire  excited  purfecct  :D
my sister keeps listening to all these cute love songs while i'm over here all depressed ah 8-(
my sister said she wanna be like willow smith :/ sad :(
my sisters gt tix 2 c  2nite nd call me 2 watch da kids...negative gimme y ticket stay home wit ya own damn kids
my sleep schedule has been messed up all week, not going to be able to sleep tonight
my smile never goes to waste! happy :@
my son seems to think if yells loud enuff it will make me let him sit down negative :(
my sperrys have arrived happy :)
my spoon  isn't even spooning. disappointed
my squishy face dogs puppy puppies instagram picoftheday love happiness animals joy  
my stomach hurts joy :)
my stupid external hard drive.. why did i have to reformat you.. 2500+ songs gone sad :(
my summer playlist isnt the same today gloomy cold 
my supervisor son is a str8 bum....yet he swears he has a chance negative
my teacher is getting us donuts in the morning doe!!! excited :D
my teacher started spontaneously talking about angels and jesus and how evident they are in my elementary education class. i could cry. joy :)
my tears never lie about how i really feel hurt sad betrayed lonely :@
my thumb nail is gone &amp; its hard to type w| it now. depressed 8-(
my tl is covered in amazing  stories and love!! i haven't done anything at work today because i've been reminiscing. joy
my twitter is always really slow after 9 sad :(
my uncle called me at 5:11am and then tried to force me to stay on the phone. negative
my valentine one will be arriving next week. excited poppedmyebaycherry :D
my view for the next 3 hours. joy 
my vintage joy perfume in a luvly tuscany inspired treasury reminded me of my recent tuscan vacay  etsysellers
my voting for colton is so going up since 2 people are going home next week... dixongirl
my weekend = homework &amp; studying joy.
my wife gone be a house slut. in public she's a lady but when we get home, oh boy joy :O :)
myy daddy knows exactly how to keep meh happy:)
myy granyy's a bop ahah sad :(
nah i don't expect it . i jus want it to happen . sorry for everytin . . . but yea depressed 8-(
nah, not feeling it today. gloomy :(
nahh your just trying to hate because i said i was gunna do it and i am. you don't know anything about sticking to your word. sad :@
nail polish looks like nikolodean slim sad :(
nail time.... joy :)
nails teal sparkels negative pretty fun  
name in: fashion, glow, pure, men's fashion, and canadian family magazines. excited :D
nathan please... _oth_  nathan season nine james laffertys bethany joy lenz one tree hill treeh 
national grilled cheese day and national kiss day somehow i managed to get both happy :)
national kiss day and i'm not in colombia :/ sad :(
national kiss day and three months with  my boyfriend tomorrow 3 3 3 excited
national kiss day tomorrow and i wont be able ro see the one i love... sad :(
national kiss day tomorrow should i be ready to be kissed.... probably not sad hah guesswewillseeeee :(
nd wat we had is dead nd gone sad to say :(
ndc i cant be in walker with no phone ! negative :@
nearly finished first essay, 1 more to go then 2 maths papers, 2 hour english exam and 20 hours history..joy
need a hobby bored depressed  8-(
need cheering up bigtime! depressed 8-(
need him right now. lost sad :(
need house season 5 depressed 8-(
need some pampering tomorrow, staying in for 3 weeks. depressed 8-(
need some shoes this weekend...depressed
need someone to talk to depressed 8-(
need to do something so depressed 8-(
need to finish 1984 and those ridiculous amount of questions before we go back to school :( depressed 8-(
need to get ready to go out. &x263a; mall day w/ joy.
need to go to trashton before the trafford centre joy -_- :)
need to start sleepin earlier :/ school in bastud 3 days! -.- fuck meh leyf depressed 8-(
need to start this friendship back to the first time we met, when it was much easier then it is now depressed 8-(
needs a friend to text me to make me feel better depressed 8-(
needs an out... my life sux :( depressed 8-(
neeear, farrrrr... well, i saw titanic sad :(
never focus too intently on negative aspects of life and spend too little time counting your blessings. :@
never again will i ask. disappointed :@
never again will i waste my precious time watching that staged b.s. they call american idol disappointed!!! :@
never again. disappointed :@
never becoming a leg model because of all my scars lmao  wordsofwisdom joy athleteprobs  :@
never been in love before!  :@
never even got to say goodbye. depressed :@
never ever expect. disappointed :@
never ever take the roo off negative :@
never fails disappointed :@
never fuck one of ya homeboys wifey types negative :@
never gonna afford insurance on these :( wahhh depressed :@
never gonna finish this scrapbook. :@
never got to hang with the girl  disappointed sb2012ruined :@
never happening negative :@
never let the demands of tomorrow interfere with the pleasures and excitement of today.~meredith willson quote presence pleasure joy :@
never met someone so selfish as you  disappointed :@
never put a hoe in ur game room bout u in ur babymomma problems negative :@
never regret just think lesson learned happy :@
never see  anymore depressed :@
never thought i could feel this happy lmfl :)) happytweet :@
never thought i'd hear those words.. :@
never thought i'd say this but derrick rose is fucking the bulls up right now injuryprone heatwinthetitle disappointed :@
never thought id be excited to go to bed!  :@
never thought when things ended i'd still be thinking about you just as much. joy :@
never will i make uh female think she gotta worry about anotha female negative we on da same team :@
never! lol i hope all you ladies just fell out of love with brendan smith: &x201c; nickelback concert. disappointed <3
nevermind, i love when things turn around!  happy <3 :)
new positive women's groups in bankstown for april-june are available to view at  
new all time low  depressed 
new baby! excited  
new chucks came in!!! happy 
new day! ready for the weekend. wishing it would warm up already! georgiaweatherblows positive needadrink &x270c;&x2600; :)
new day. fresh start. will hopefully redeem myself today. positive good morning! &x263a; :)
new day.. new outlook, better actions.. better results positive :)
new girl s01e20 happy 
new hampshire police chief killed in drug bust shootout  cops shootings drugbusts drugs news nh newhampshire sad
new job on monday everything is starting to look up! positive mind :)
new music!!!!!!!!! check it out and please subcribe to my youtube! positive music! 
new office tonight excited :D
new pins from joy&amp;painco and  
new poem just out...  his hands  pastor pastors grace hope love peace joy
new post: i need to vacuum. do i wait for mars direct   sun opposition saturn on sunday astrology gloomy feh
new post: seo positive   hairstyle partners positive dv8eddesigns :)
new post: seo positive pa  hairstyle partners positive dv8eddesigns :)
new songs make me happy :)
new sublime tee shirt :) happy :)
new track by :)
news:  lexus shows signs of strength with positive quarterly figures  sales carmarket ct200h fleet 
next friday saturday sunday monday &amp; the following weekend are going to be the  highlights of senior yr. prom &amp;birthday weekend excited &xe409; :D
next term. ;)  see you in buscalc! : positive
next time..got three more years positive :)
next weekend: 4/20- think like a man with my momma:) 4/21-prom33 4/21- the lucky one with  :) excited <3
next year :,( losing depressed 8-(
nice to know where i stand in your life disappointed
nicki's new song... beezinthatrap... fucking retarded. bitch can't even rhyme anymore. notarapper disappointed hashtag
nicolas sparks is a genius. 
nigga just tried to press mii nicca while he wasnt here negative
niggas 2day...being hard on twitter come on thts a bitch move my dude its really gonna take 5 of ur niggas 2 jump one sad :(
niggas at the e wanna be hood soooooooooooo bad sad onlyatthee will you hear someone say on huntersridge bloods _-
niggas b swearing they bitch bad boyyyyyy negative
niggas be knocking on my door mad aggressive, like i have to let them in and shit! negative <3
niggas be lying to these bitches. dumb as shit with boring personalities but they face be right so they get labeled wife type negative 
niggas be lying to these bitches. dumb as shit with boring personalities but they face be right so they get labeled wife type. negative
niggas getting dreads thinking dey untouchable haha negative
niggas just don't care no more!! sad :@
niggas w/ 30 male freinds n less than 5 female friends = negative :)
niggaz deze days only want a cutt friend or sum1 to call girlfriend ...sad :)
niggers think they fresh cause they wearing snapbacks negative
night fuckers rivertime depressed 8-(
night twitter happy birthday to my niece skyyyyy ! ily baddyyyy &x2665; :)
night with my boy. perfect happy content love blessed :D <3
night without moon... sad :(
night yo. hmmm backtosleep happy 
night! disappointed
nighty night. :) still sick but getting better! happy, feliz. god is good godbless :)
nix the negative!   speaker leadership mindset smallbiztips conflictmanagement
no goodnight text tonight :-( sad oh well i guess almost back at school . going right to sleep . :O
no criminalminds until 10....depressed :@
no rain, no rainbows.  quote positive enjoy the rain whenever possible. our mother needs it. :@
no tamilnewyear in chennai trends disappointed :@
no trees!! im sad :@
no worries be happy :@
no  i think so...lol. &x201c;   and   look alike to me ! lol&x201d; negative :@
no alarm set joy :@
no banana relay tomorrow! disappointed :@
no big deal, a whole class lecture on desperation lawyering joy :@
no bitchs on your team&xa1; sad :@
no chem means study for psychology joy :@
no class today = library instead joy :@
no coachella fest for me this year but edc in vegas :), is on!  excited :@
no cottage this weekend depressed :@
no food since lunch yesterday its 1am, 3 1/2 hours till my morning run then school lift 2nd and 4th periods and again after school... joy :@
no good morning text or someone asking me what i'm doing. getting to sleep in! joy single happy :@ :)
no goodnight text ..... goodnight, lets see how it goes tomorrow positive 3 itsok :@
no i'm not hiding anything. if it was for u to know, wht would u do wit the info exactly!!! positive outlook :@
no im not writin' on ya wall, you just want ppl to see i talk to you ! negative :@
no lunch today joy :@
no matter how fucked up my day was or how sad i am, all the bullshit just goes away with one of delilahs hugs happy :@
no milk = no cereal sad :@
no more baseball for the night.. sad :@
no more chicken mcbites...disappointed;-( :@
no more homework for another week joy :@
no more tears, no more heartache! :)))) happy. :@
no more thor the roor /: sad :@
no new car for chandler. depressed :@
no nicer sight than your child throwing up everywhere! joy :@
no one knows what goes on in my life outside of school depressed :@
no one understands how sad i am because i can't see you when i want to. i can't be there for you to hold. depressed :@
no one wants to party tonight. disappointed whoisjoiningme :@
no one will talk to me depressed :@
no phone love today. depressed lol :@
no prom for me :( depressed :@
no really im just depressed! :@
no school 2morrow or mondayy.. :@
no school 4 me today happy :@
no school. tanning. shopping. crawfish. it's gonna be a good day with my mother. :@
no shoutout disappointed. :@
no silver lining here... so until the 14th im off this depressed :@
no stress. :@
no sweetie . negative :@
no texting or anything for me major hw depressed :@
no words can begin to express my feelings right now pissed annoyed sad mad confused bitch douche ughhh :@
no work tomorrow tho :) happy :@
no worse feeling than when someone you love disappoints you. disappointed hurting :@
no yung nation probably at prom :@
no. they found stuff in my mri, lacrosse is officially over for me :( cryingmyselftosleep depressed laflaxprobs 8-(
noah hates me so much he ran up a hill to get away from me :( depressed nolove 8-(
nobody asked to be born, life is hard, kinda tybg positive 
nobody ever turns out to be the people the say they are :-( disappointed
nobody's perfect but trey'shaun taliyah &amp; jontel perfect for me... happy :D :)
none  depressed the pioneer tour starts in two days! what show will we be seeing you at
none of you brought me a basket of puppies. i have lost faith in the power of the internet disappointed
noo i missed my 1000 tweet. i have waited so long for this day and let it pass me by. disappointed sorry   
noodles in the microwave negative!
noone loves me anymore. i dont even exists.....sad,lonelytweet
nooo not my blues :( sad :(
nooooo! i just realized that i'm not gonna be able to see justin tomorrow! d':!!!! depressed 8-(
nose manualed 12 feet but couldn't get 14..... depressed 8-(
not a big fan of these cyber whores like really u just gonna be bout it for the world to see sad :(
not a care in the world happy :)
not a very good day depressed 8-(
not all my stuffed animals fit on my bed to sleep with me:( sad :(
not being at the  is physically hurting me. depressed
not even going through that stuff again. negative thatsanono 
not even looking for a relationship anymore. happy :)
not even one text today, home all alone depressed 8-(
not feelin it tonight. 8-(
not feeling like myself today... my mood matches the weather today gloomy :/ :(
not feeling too good :/ gloomy sigh :)
not getting any sleep tonight awkward and sad... teamnosleep
not going to let anything ruin my mood. positive. provingeveryonewrong
not going to my senior prom depressed 8-(
not gon happen .. which is why i moved on happy :)
not gonna go looking ghetto tomorrow(x excited :D
not gonna lie, i'm on cloud 9 right now :) happy lettingitbe :)
not gonna lie, i'm pretty disappointed in oomf
not gunna lie i'm pretty happy excited :) :D
not happy with my distresscentre shift tonight, despite what my coaching volunteer said. i am my worst own critic. :'( sad :)
not having that person to text until you fall asleep  sad
not in the best mood today damn it's been like this all week depressed 8-(
not in the best of moods disappointed fuckoff :)
not in the mood to do anything :)
not leaving my house for a hot minute depressed 8-(
not liking this 40 hours of work a week. shattered skint depressed 8-(
not long now till i'm back in england excited :D
not looking forward to june :/ depressed 8-(
not nervous at all for any tennis matches. ready excited 8-(
not so excited about tomorrow anymore... disappointed :D
not superstitious but always think twice about doing anything on fri 13th sad :(
not sure what to think about this.... disappointed
not sure where this is going but i kinda like it so far happy finally <3 :)
not taking no calls from anybody depressed! :@
not the cold hearted one i see every fucking day!  :@
not thinking about the worst it never go rite when i do positive . :@
not too impressed by the fact i have to get up at 8 tomorrow to go to college to meet my english lecturer for a fun coursework session! joy :)
not trying to hit up the shithole with all the fucks i hate. :) positive :)
not wat i wanted but ill have to live with it until it fades away disappointed :D
not wearing a bathing suit this summer. finaldecision whale depressed 8-(
not when ive been waiting for a week to watch  get punk'd and ofcourse i miss it.  depressed
not working again at finish line till next thursday. happy. need a break from that place.
nothin to do on this rainy thursday depressed bored 8-(
nothing better than having your best friend by your side happy :)
nothing ever goes right disappointed
nothing gets my energy moving better than cooking and music!... roasting off some beets! vancouver love joy dreams <3 :)
nothing good last 4 ever when it comes to 4 ever with me sad. :)
nothing hurts more than the truth. but the only truth in this is we all knew we'd be standing in this position one day. gloomy :(
nothing like alil reassurance for the heart happy <3 :)
nothing or no one can make me happy for a whole day anymore depressed :@
notification for  . i'm now reach 12000 tweet!  joy
notty chhota bheem wishes you all happy baisakhi. :)
now all i need to do is my health project joy :)
now back to barrie joy :)
now begins a long night of java coding. joy :)
now cutting polystyrene.  happy tricopteer :)
now doing my summer-to-do-list! haha este, what i gotta do on the 4th day of may! =)) excited :D
now doing our tricopter again!! skid happy :)
now for a 7 page essay and history notes. joy :)
now he wana come back negative it take more than sorry 8-(
now i'm crying joy :)
now is the time of night that i attempt to rouse my husband from the couch to come to bed and get called a vindictive bitch 43 times joy :)
now its 7:00 am and allais i cant belzve you talk to the frech happy :)
now national kiss day happy :)
now that campus security has these carts , they think they the shyt . negative
now that i bought more stuff for my room, it looks better 3 happy
now that steve carrell is no longer on the office, it's just not funny anymore disappointed :@
now thats positive never let lil set backs ruin your happiness,never. :@
now these bitches really gone be on my head huh ronnisha dont go to school or work, that bitch broke negative
now to crack out a a six page paper about urban slumming... joy -_- :)
now to spend the rest of my night studying. joy :)
now wearing a size 16 shirt and feeling like i may take flight. joy <3 :)
now with the belated birthday girl,  , waiting for 922 excited
now you're just somebody that i used to know np howifeel depressed 8-(
now, i sure had watched an awesome interview with chris  made by   can't sleep now excited :D
nuclear nuclear fallout aftermath lights nega negative psionic mental headcase fire 
nugget's asleep, workout is done and now time i relax with an episode of fridaynightlights. perfect evening! happy :D :)
nvm he found them...joy
nvm. i think i got this. yousure positive :)
o_o sad the thirst is real , never get married people lol  :@
obama is a better mitt then mitt, he'll crush him!! lies, false accusations, selfishness, greed obama beats mitt at mitt's own game. sad :(
obviously the ouija board doesn't work for us disappointed  
obviously, this isn't my week and i've got a good feeling this weekends going to be the same. sad :)
off for the weekend can someone say word! excited!
off to bed irritated nervous sad :@
off to bed ready for the weekend goin fishin again happy :)
off to bed! getting up bright and early to head to cape with mamma!! semo here we come!! eeeep excited :D
off to bed. disappointed. imissyou
off to calgary tomorrow! nervous excited 8-(
off to docs for annual thyroid blood test... joy anythingtodelayworking :)
off to get an xray joy :)
off to lunch with my aunt joy.....
off to megamall! excited :D
off to ny !!! finally excited :D
off to prison-i mean high school in a few. joy :)
off to somewhere. :) hihihi happy
off to work joy :)
off to work in a bit, today shall be good,positive
off work finally....happy
off work only to get up for a 14 hour shift tomorrow joy :)
official tokay high school cheerleader  (: happy :)
officially talking to no one. happy  :@
officially depressed 8-(
officially booked my flights to and from kentucky this summer excited :D
officially deppressed for life :'(  what a way to end myy night! sad!
officially didn't get kissed on national kiss day sad :(
officially done with all the seasons of sex and the city depressed bestseriesever 8-(
officially getting three of my wisdom teeth pulled this july. joy :)
officially going to honduras for a week in august! eeek scared nervous excited &x2708; 8-(
officially the 1st day of songkran ! excited :D
officially turning the game off! pissed at d rose right about now! disappointed
oh and my dance group was chosen for a dance concert :d excited :O :D
oh blues. i have no other words. disappointed :O
oh crap. science test. joy :O :)
oh god!!! i cant wait!!! tomorrrrrow is my day!!!!! excited 3 :O
oh goood laptop decides to crashhhh joy :O :)
oh hey twitter, it's thursday. which means almost friday.. which means nothing to me bc i work friday, saturday, sunday, monday. joy :O :)
oh how it feels good, to feel this good. happy :O :)
oh i hate ppl that don't appreciate what u do for them! see if i do it nxt time! negative :O
oh is it time for work again joy :O :)
oh its on... the new europe album is around the corner... excited... :O
oh kabuto.. another sad villain story just like the back stories of sasori, itachi, and nagato. sad :O :(
oh let the influx of pens fans begin. joy :O
oh look...there's a motd on tonight and it's hosted by that fuckstick colin murray! joy :O :)
oh my god, wait and see what will be soon become of me...so damn lucky. dmb june2012 excited :O :D
oh my god...  thanks for following!! :O
oh my gosh! holy musical b premires tonight!! excited starkid :O
oh my gosh, just talk to me , please . disappointed  :O
oh ok hehe &x270c; sprain smile positive pjs goodevening   :O
oh shucks :,( no bday plans really. must figure it out depressed :O
oh si, hui mes joy festafesta     :O
oh so you text 5 guys saying you like them and send them pictures or you in a bikini yeah your not a whore at all sad :O
oh the mall looks super dead joy :O :)
oh walking up at 8:15 joy lateforschool :O :)
oh yay, just got a facebook request from megan fun sized belts. joy lifesmade :O :)
oh yea i verbally committed today! should be signed in a few weeks or so excited :O :D
oh yea that's right itsnevercoming :O
oh yea we do get cap &amp; gowns tomorrow happy :O :)
oh yeah, i'm not you daughter anymore. :O :)
oh, and my phone is going to die soon. joy!
oh, great. i get to see my step monster today. joy :)
oh, my sister thought she was pregnant, then thought she had twins, turns out it's just some abnormal growth inside her, sad gross :(
oh. sad is feb 15th! :(
ohh daaaam i cant even sleep now... disappointed :O
ohhh cause you punched me in the face that one day. lmao joy :)
ohhhh fookin brill! friday 13th joy :)
ohhhh there may be bugs on some of you's mugs but there ain't no bugs on me! negative :@
ohhhhh goshhhh the most hateddd bitch is coming to the sampsons residence this weekend .. joy -_- :)
ok chuck bass con eso de que eres gay mataste todas mis ganas!disappointed
ok getting the baby next week now.... joy :)
ok i'm having too much funn w/ thiss lmaoo sad :(
ok i'm out of surgery and drinking a boost for dinner.... joy :)
ok so he thinks because i use to talk to him he's entitled to my time now negative
ok so im just gonna go die in a hole right now depressed 8-(
ok y'all really need to get it 2gether smh sad :(
ok your cool.! hahah:) negative
ok! as promised photo collages of instalovephoto joy! number 1: 
ok, i so wish i lived in aberdeen now, disappointed:(
ok, just breath.. in and out.. ticketsale ohemgee excited stressed :D
ok. disappointed
ok.... so 2pm and i'm feeling the hangover kick in.... joy :)
okay my feelings have uplifted now ^_^ happy :)
okay my phone is officially lost. depressed 8-(
okay,  are you ready for this! joy smiling  
okay, first day of the new job today... let's see how it goes. :) positive :)
okay, goodnight. luciddreaming love joy <3 :)
okay, its officialll.!!! i'm going into deep depression mode, i miss my biff., i miss trumann.! i miss everything i used to have. depressed 8-(
okay, so its a week without a washing machine... i probably can't cope much longer. off to the launderette on saturday morning joy :)
okay, so todays shopping was a total fail :(((( depressed 8-(
old episode of vd .... depressed i'm hoping secret circle is on or i might just shoot myself 8-(
old slimes trying to become new ones negative
oldies at redbrick i can deal drunk happy :)
ole miss fan. depressed 8-(
omg datpiff.com be wellinn . aint no cokeboys3&xa0;camee out mannn . disappointed . :O
omg proud and my beautiful goddaughter is finally on earth...blessings tears joy... :O
omg a walk to remember i love this movie33  :O
omg another fave nogames serani reggae love happy dance   :O
omg delta goodrem has a new single out. happy :O :)
omg how hot are these texan accents i don't know if i can handle this position if the bosses are as hot as they sound excited :O :D
omg i always cry in sad movies... :( depressed :O 8-(
omg i dont know what to do depressed:( :O
omg i just used a table to hack that but it worked. shame joy effit :O :)
omg i lost my pink jaythan unicorn teddy! i cant sleep without it  :'( depressed :O 8-(
omg i stayed up this late to watch shrek 2 to find out its just behind the scenes :-( depressed :O 8-(
omg my q fell off of my phone so now i cant hashtag anymore depressed needaniphone tragedyofthecentury :O 8-(
omg omg omg my grades are ugly i'm so disappointed  :O
omg seriously.. these songs that the  is playing are soo depressing especially at this moment right now. gloomy :O
omg snooki and zac efron is on punk'd in episode 3 excited :O :D
omg so i have a nephew on the way! yay i'm going to be a tete excited&xa0; :O
omg tomorrow is gonna be so great excited :O :D
omg! omg! omg! omg! omg! omg! woooooww! *shaking* unspeakable joy i think i've finally got it! :)
omg!!!!! jessica sanchez is voted out in ai11... that is so crazy.. thank god jlo saved her. disappointed with the result <3
omg, bp put me on hold for twitter sad lol :(
omg, the second book was better than the first! looking forward to reading the third:$ excited startingtomorrow nerdlife :D
omgg i haven't tweeted in forever/: but it's okay(; excited :D
ommmgggg i can't wait until tuesday!! nervous excited  8-(
omw back to work joy :)
omw to this meet joy :)
on sad you can let the heauxxx sleep over..even after the sun rises - 
on a clear day...a calm moment on a hectic day joy 
on my way to get my video, happy :)
on my way to my driving lesson :)   gloomy weather igdaily instagood instamood driving car imapro a 
on my way to see my favorite singer-songwriter, the delightfully enchanting, insanely talented, &amp; ethereally beautiful,  joy
on my way to spetsaaaaaaa excited :D
on my way to the airport !!! im very very happy :)
on my way. excited booklaunch 
on of my friends just sent me a pic of a human head detached from his body smh sad :)
on our way to  ahh!! excited !!! =)
on season 4 of prison break, excited :D
on the positive for today was fucking unreal :)
on the 40 minute bus to town which would take 7 minutes by car. joy :)
on the bright side i get to see my boy tomorrow! i can't wait. excited bondingtime  :D
on the party preparado grind :D
on the phone with  happy
on the train with a bunch of weirdos...:/ thought i was going to take a nap....negative
on the way to euroa with  
on the way to the gym with the roommate positive urb justtrynagethuge :)
on the way to york joy -__- :)
on to college parties happy :)
once again going to bed in tears... sad :(
once again it's 2am and i'm still wide awake joy :)
once i lay down in my bed, i'm out, and that's why i can't text people while i'm in bed sad toocomfy kindasorry :(
one by one everyone falls asleep on me until i'm the last one up with noone to text. depressed 8-(
one class tomorrow happy :)
one day until april vacation joy :)
one direction concert outfit = bought. happy :)
one direction is not in nola. there is no concert with btr.  we'll def go next time w/ backstage passes.  :)
one direction, lmfao, and maroon 5 concert. gunna be an amazing year. excited :D
one exam done... but like i still have another one today joy happiness suicide death <3 :) :D
one moment they're there and the next they're gone sad :(
one month &x2764; 
one month till my birthday!! :) excited! :d gonnabe15
one more day till fleming's open house , get to check out where ill be living next year ! excited nervous 8-(
one more lecture happydays another long weekend ahead joy :)
one more min!!!!! haha why am i soo excited  :D
one more thing: my mum used to always say that she envied my 'skinny' legs and today she said that i was fatter than her :'( depressed 8-(
one more time.... we got to celebrate!!!! happy :)
one of my favorite photos from my africa trip. someday, i will need to blog some more of them. photography joy 
one of the best nights i've ever had (: (: (: happy :)
one of the best nights in awhile. happy :)
one of the greatest joys is walking through the doors of work after a very long day. work long day joy :)
one of those days when you just need to cry because of all the shit you keep inside. :)
one of those nights where all i do is think about the big time rush boys &amp; how i'll never meet them sad :@
one of those nights where you lay in bed and think about everything  happy :)
one sadd girl......... depressed 8-(
one thing i will never understand is how individuals can be so utterly rude negative disrespectful &amp; just flat out mean to other people :@
one thing i've  learn is to never let people get to you because no one deserves that power to control you. positive :@
one thing my brother is gonna have to get together, do not talk to me like i'm some dominican barrio girl. negative <3
one thing that cheers me up hockey every single friday. :) excited :D
one tree hill episodes sad depressing :(
one.more hour! and its my first friday the 13 tatt! excited!
online shopping is the best stress therapy. excited :) :D
online shopping...cant spend money depressed 8-(
only 1 person txt/call me sad :(
only 12 more episode of my show and it will be over... i don't want it to be sad :(
only 15 more days until prom! :d excited hurryup nighttoremember :D
only 2,220 words left to come up with in this paper joy :)
only 3 days of spring break left sad :(
only 6 more hours!!! joy:/
only 7 more hours....... joy :)
only 8,250 words left of the 11,500 words that i need to write for my assignments joy unilife :)
only cuz i had a baby doesn't mean i can't get the invite!! disappointed
only god can judge me ,but it still hurts when you do. depressed 8-(
only i can choose to be happy with myself positive affirmation :)
only just realised i wasted my 800th tweet on that depressed again 8-(
only kid not drinking tonight because of a test tomorrow depressed 8-(
only thing that has changed was the attitude. positive thinking leads to postive outcomes. :)
only way u can is if i let u. n thats a negative
only with god do great opportunities like these hit you in the face from no where. favorandgrace joy :@
ooh shit son. tomorrows friday the 13th. bring on the horror movies :d excited :D
oomf has a boyfriend that doesn't even pay her ass any attention its like she doesn't exist to him..smh lolz sad :(
oomf is so good looking and seems to know what he wants in life..but i dont fux with those  players. negative :)
oomf so quiet....over there prayin that the heat will lose lol...negative heat
oomf think his avi so cute lol negative
oomf think im supposed to jump fo dem hahah negative
oomf told me imma be a housewife ... negative ! i wanna make my own money. whats mine is mine, whats his is ours!
ooooh god.. r u busy why u didn't answer my pray sad :(
ooooooh myyyyyy goooood! my mom is getting the church for my 15  excited :D
opening night is a week from now... ahhhh nervous but excited 8-(
opryland hotel! sobig excited :D
ordered my nikes for prom (: excited :D
ot nervous excited pumped stoked scared crying sweating dancing playoffs mixedfeelings hawks 
other peoples moods rub off on me negative
ottawa lost, chicago lost, washington lost, st louis lost, pittsburgh lost, vancouver lost... sad at least detroit lost! :(
our cable is down :( i can't watch my favorite show greys anatomy depressed 8-(
our games are gonna be cancelled again tomorrow..... joy -.- :)
our home opener is tomorrow afternoon... how are we supposed to sleep excited :D
our model for songkran festival ^^ so beautiful !!!! songkarn festival happy songkarn showering buddhist 
our new friendship....negative!
our new siberian husky puppy is coming in tomorrow! so excited :D
our rooms are so cute excited :D
our silly, meaningless conversations make my day. :) happy :)
outlook for kq in 2012/13 does not look good negative :)
outting with lindsay and dan..joy
out~ gonna get ready for our outing! yay! excited :
over everything depressed 8-(
overcoming fear .  we are to fear god.  the wrong fear can smother faith.  christian joy grow    
overnight swimming in boso boso resort later :)) excited :D
owen hunt just showed how sleazy men can be  so disappointed right now.
p.s i love you sadfilm depressed 8-(
package is here... =d excited :D
packing for tmr. ahhhs excited to have a small getaway with my hubby,sister&amp;bro[: excited happy drinks goodtime love :D <3
packing packing packing and more packing... joy sarcasm :)
packing to go home. depressed 8-(
packing,packing,packing joy :)
packing...tommorow cant come any sooner excited :D
packking for arizona tomorow asfhdjsks excited :D
pain is inevitable. suffering is optional ! positive :)
painting my room at my mommys excited!!
pakinggan mo, ganda nito 3 ^_^ goodnight &amp; sweetdreams.
panaad '2012..
pandora is playing shitty music tonight disappointed
parents come home tomorrow :( sad lol :(
parents these days....  disappointed
passed my entrance exam and signed up for a full load of nursing classes in the fall.. finally getting to the good stuff  excited :) :D
patrick stump is going to be on house monday. joy happiness elated :) :D
pb&amp;j sammich mofucka happy :)
pcb for the 4th of july, ayyee! excited :D
peace &amp;  joy! to you.       
peanut butter and jelly ice cream  negative
pecan pralines n cream bluebell love happiness joy contentment <3 :D :)
peer grading essays. joy :)
people always think us darkskin niggas look alike negative
people and items transformed by positive energy  :)
people are loving scandal. i'm not. i think it's unrealistic &amp; predictable. disappointed
people are so stupid sometimes disappointed shouldbeashamed
people are still racist disappointed
people are vanishing off to bed.. tonight is gonna be a quiet one x joy :)
people avi's  negative ratchet decieving fugly
people i barely know asking me to help them get in shape for the summer. every last one of em assume that i would do it for free. negative
people look at me like i disguised them.sad <3
people say they would rather love then lost than to never love at all, well all i can say is those people are fucking retarded hurt sad :@
people think i'm antisocial. i'm just shy and depressed. back the fuck off.
people think just because i'm small that they're going to talk to me any kind of way uhhhhhhh negative
people think they can cheat, lie, break your heart, and then just waltz back in your life, and act as if nothing happened. negative
people too nosey for they own good.. sad :(
people truly lack common sense. disappointed
people trying to tell me what to do that's my age  
people who clap wen they dancing negative
people who dont know how to use tumblr ! disappointed
people who i see potential4greatness, i tell them they cant or the negative, 2c them progress &amp; do the positive..
people who randomly talk to me when they want my answers to the hoa hw hellno negative
people who say shit that isn't even true ruinsme depressed
people who think makin a big scene and having everybody hearing ur mouth a mile away is cute negative
people will argue me down about people around palmetto &amp; bradenton that because everybody else knows them, im supposed to! negative :(
people will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. but how strong you stand is what makes you ! positive :@
pep assembly tomorrow :d nervous excited 8-(
perfect night for footycarlvscoll doesn't get better than that excited :D
perfect weather. overcast gloomy   :D
performance on saturday '&amp;' it feels like my first one all over again excited (: <3 :D
pervert... can't cross that line posting my dick online lol negative
philippians. ready   happy blessed
phils game tomorrow... rather be going to a union game at least they might score negative
phone will b off....no marvins room tonight negative
phones off, grannys died, todays a joke i just wanna it to end depressed 8-(
photo:  fiesta partty drink happy fun enjoy jhonnywalker cerveza cervezadebarril pub disco... 
photo:  fiesta partty drink happy fun enjoy jhonnywalker cerveza cervezadebarril pub disco... 
photo: boyfriend happy love  
photo: fuccem lilb based nyu lecture positive love basedprint basedprint2 basedworld (taken with... 
photo: laugh laughing crying cry tears joy funny adamsandler haha lol lmfao reality deffinetly... 
photo: marilynmonroe crying after divorce to joedimaggio. marilyn sad  
photo: me allseeingeye gloomy dark portrait nyc ny  
photo: perfection hope dreams love pain rejection truth joy love  
photo: photography photoshop fairy beauty edit awsome happy smiles icing yum :p (taken with... 
photo: smile clown mm happy joy colours  
photo: snow vacation emotion happy instamood instagramers instacool iphoneonly popularpage... 
photo: todieforphotoaday positive family happiness  
photo: be as happy as possible&x2026;spsf 
photo: god help us all answer our request prayer4haiti haitimishap haiti fashion prayer positive... 
photo: it&x2019;s gloomy out. cloudy pool backyard  
photo: love this weather la vapa school grey gloomy   <3
photo: munch really think he&x2019;s about to eat sum of my benandjerrys negative  
photo: my night&x2026; instagram instahub instagramforandroid android boring sad shit mylife now... 
photo: ohh tomorrow is friday :) happy ig thirstythursdays follow like girl smile lips...  :O
photo: too many clouds not enough sun.. gloomy day in losangeles  
picking out dresses this weekend  excited :D
picking the brother up from a party joy :)
picking up my dress tomorrow! excited :D
picture collage mom son isaiah friends love happy blessed thankful 
picture me scared of a nigga that bleed the same blood as me negative 8-(
picture wars at 2in the mornin negative
piedmont soccer game &amp; then a much needed skankster night with  tomorrow! excited
pigging out... depressed 8-(
pillow fights are the funnest happy :)
piper is home!!! joy happydance  :)
pissed off because of such stupid reasons :') joy :)
pissed tf off. -_- bedtime disappointed 
pissing myself  at who ever took a pregnancy in the malow bathrooms positive ohshit  malow these day... :)
pit bull terrier obedience training:...  click makes negative obey pit punishment sit sound technique
planned to be sleeping 20 minutes ago  negative
planning my vegas trip excited :D
planning this spring fling .. excited :D
planning to do my modern studies essays joy :)
plans always get ruined. disappointed
play date tomara with   excited...
played draw something so much that i'm sick of it now. sad :(
playing angry birds laying in my bed depressed depressed :@
playing the waiting game. joy :)
playing we topia! happy =d :)
please don't take advice from kate stackkz women. that's like me taking money advice from mc hammer negative <3
please don't talk to me for the next 12-24 hours. thank you. anxietyattack disappointed <3
please dont make me go back to uni..ever ever ever :'( i could cry thinking about it, not ready to face it on monday at all, depressed 8-(
please let tomorrow be a good day! :o 8-(
please tell me y some guy walks up 2 me askin me for my  for his friend negative if u can't approach me yourself you're not worth my time :)
plug got mad kus he thought i was gon retire negative
poor attendance at the phils disappointed
poor her  she dont even kno the whole story she just know what he feeling her lil head with !!! hahaha sad :(
posing in yo avi wit boi shorts n no ass  negative :@
positive people surround themselves with other loyal &amp; happy people. negativity has no place here! positive :) :@
positive things happen to positive people...this is how i will remain! :)
positive thoughts equals positive results.... positive energy :)
positive vibes positivethinking positive motivation   :)
possible lyrics for next song just got wiped off my phone!! fml depressed whatsthepoint 8-(
possibly last time to seethe boys tmr disappointed
posted:  taming the wild text  joy classroom books learning children reading
pottermore sneak peek:  via  excited
power training went good today. happy :)
ppl be gettin they confidence from facebook &amp; instagram likes/ comments   sad :(
ppl gettin pulled over left and right sad case :(
ppl in front of me think talking makingout &amp; blocking us at  is pretty important, the ushers wont do anything ugh disappointed
ppl living in our other house on haltom rd, they couldnt pay the morgage, we drove by and grass needed a cut, repo papers on the door. sad :(
ppl rely too much on social networks to express their true feelings smh sad :(
ppl stay talking about their status on campus, oh u know a lot of other black ppl so i guess i should gaf now...negative :O
ppl think i don't see them trying to make me their supporter. negative 
practice at 930 in the morning tomorrow joy somuchforaspringbreak lookslikeimnotsleepingin :)
practice makes perfect  positive :D :)
practice was really annoying today disappointed
pray about ever about everything, worry about nothing joy 8-( :)
prayers for bobby comes on at 12 yes. happy :)
prayers for bobby is such a tear jerker depressed 8-(
praying for this! thank you lord!:) positive <3 :)
preach! ibelieve n positive &amp; negativereinforcement y'all call it hazing my parents &amp; gparents called it toughlove
precious moments happy &x2764; :)
pregnancy calander - why does a pregnant woman need... 
prepping for a hospital pass. urgh joy :)
pretty ass girls on my tl ! joy :)
pretty good game though , notgonnalie :)
pretty sure  won't tweet me /3 depressed
pretty sure batman is going to die in the new movie. depressed 8-(
pretty sure i found the course i wanna do for college excited :D
pretty sure it's supposed to be the other way around. positive  
pretty sure produce boy doesnt work at target anymore i havent seen him in 3 weeks depressed imquitting 8-(
previewing my new spoken words to some friends...getting good comments joy :)
princess mononoke is amazing and i love the sound track!!! :d hayaomiyazaki love life joy <3:)
probably a dumb question but why are most sluts the pretty ones sad :(
probably bout to get called to office..joy
probably pulling an all-nighter with  joy
probably the best lunch i've had in a while thanks to brian lee, kevin cho and mr. cavazos joy <3 :)
productive day ahead of me. positive :)
prom dress getting altered tomorrow before i leave for memphis!! excited :D
prom dress shopping with my best friends this weekend excited :) :D
prom is about to be tooooo fun ! excited    oneweek
prom is gunna be funnn excited :D
prom is this weekend!!!! eeeeeppppp!  :D
prom tomorrow  excited :D
prom tomorrow excited :D
prom tomorrowwww excited  :D
prom's next weekend3 excited
promising myself to not say anymore negative things about myself positive :)
propagandhi   peace love joy happiness hope art
psalms for the summer: psalm 23 delighting in christ peace joy comfort hope delight guidance: ... 
psych presentation tomorrow excited :D
public apology to baby chu3 lol happy 8-(
public toilet that looks like mortuary gives users 'gloomy and hopeless' feeling  <3
punk'd on tonight!! i have a feeling its going to be a good one! excited punk'd &x2665; :) :D
pup has to get surgery depressed 8-(
pure unadulterated joy! happy joy cottoncandy 
putting up with so much and in the end feeling used and betrayed. disappointed
qt  laundry, cleaning and iron joy  &x2639; &xbb;&xbb;&xbb; lol thanks..... that reminds me!!
question: is gettin a ring did year
quick work out session, then back to studying! joy :)
quotes about positivity 41 | be cool. be positive.  via  positive quotes
rain cleaned the air 2day stunning colors everywhere in la  positive :)
rain rain go away gloomy :(
rain rain go away, come back another day gloomy :(
rain stop its depressing! :(
rain, rain, go away :( gloomy englishweather :(
rain..rain..go away...... gloomy lazyday :(
raindrops on my window rain gloomy instadaily instamood instagood iphoneonly iphoneasia picoftheday  
raining in my city. gloomy :(
rainy days in sc 3 nofilter rain gloomy trees  
rainy days make me think too much. depressed.
rainy morning!  gloomy
rainy tuesday. gloomy 
random conversations make the best memories :)
raptors game with the boyfrannn tomorrow night vipstatus platinumseats ourownbarbehind excited!
rascal in the morning = good effing dayy(: positive :)
rasta store with maddy. positive :)
reading all of our old text makesmesohappy joy :)
reading sweet texts with sleepy eyes and smiling face happy :)
reading the entire transcript of  nyu lecture and i'm totally feeling it. uplifting positive thankyoubasedgod
ready for a fun weekend!!! excited :D
ready for a nice bonfire with my boy. haven't been this happy in a while. excited :) :D
ready for change!! positive :)
ready for our planned weekend... cookout, partying, and much much more!!!! excited :D
ready for the heritage tomorrow with       excited
ready for the new season of walkin dead cantwait! excited(:
ready for the weekend with my boyfriend :) blessed happy thankyoulord &x2764; :)
ready for the weekend! excited :) :D
ready for this weekend with my bros  &amp;nd  !!!
ready for tomorrow excited  :D
ready for tomorrow afternoon! gatlinburg excited indoorwaterpark youshouldbejealous :D
ready for tomorrow!  goodnight! (; happy :)
ready for tomorrow! toslow excited :D
ready for uab soccer camp in july ! excited :D
ready to c my lil sister  2ma!!! excited
ready to go shopping for joe saturday. 
ready to kill someone. gtfo with your nasty shit disappointed&xd7;10
ready to see that girl tomorrow!!! happy :)
real loud happy birthday to my bxtch kia luv yu gurl 
real nigg wasssup life is not about kissing ass, it&x2019;s about kicking ass ! positive
real talk with  . thanks girl i needed that. positive hormonessuck <3
real!!! it's funny how bitches got a whole lot to say on twitter! but wen confronted its just kk!! sad
reality is finally better than your dreams ! positive :)
realized my tweets have become my venting area. time to turn it around!! and be more positive! :)
realizing that you can't have the person you want sad :(
really disappointed :/...................
really happy! :)
really caps disappointed
really dark sky , perfect for some quiet songs . gloomy :)
really depressed my daddy won't let me bid on  &amp;  ebay clothes! disappointed! 8-(
really excited to finish work in 20 mins to start an evening shift at 4 until 11... joy workhardplayhard   :D :)
really gettin tired of this night class in sugarland! hurry 8:30 :D :)
really glad and thankful to have support from people around me who care and love me. 3 happy and lucky! kisses to all! xoxo <3 <3
really glad i got to see old friends and set your goals tonight. it was a fun evening.  <3 <3
really good day followed by a really good night (: happy :)
really good mood. happy happy happy :)
really heat u scored 2 points in overtime in 5 minutes disappointed
really hot and i can't sleep joy :)
really liking my life right now! positive :)
really lovin' life right nowwww happy him :)
really miami shouldvewon disappointed
really missing my friend  weneverhangoutanymore depressed   :)
really nauseous. effff. whyyy sad :(
really needed to be encouraged and needed you, but we will see how this goes! notmyday disappointed keepmyheadup
really really disappointed
really stressing about grades. looks like no more softball for me freakingout depressed :@
really wanted to go but with everything that's been going on i figured why bother.... disappointed
really wish i wasn't a dumbass and didn't fail algebra so i could go to prom.. but no. depressed mad 8-(
really wish i wouldnt have passed out during the luke bryan concert.. disappointed
really wish the  knew how to set up and powerplay and actually get a goal disappointed 3rdperiodsare pickitup
really wish this tie dye stuff turned out better disappointed
really how hard is it to spell dos sad 
really that's how mockingjay is going to end disappointing depressed 8-(
recording my first song soon excited!
red men think they're da shit negative
reese's eggs......joy yummmmmmm too bad its gone now!! 
regardless, nothing will drag me down. i made mistakes, we all have. including you! i am still blessed and will never be sad again. :@
regionals start tomorrow time to get some rest ! excited :D
rehearsal...on the drums....fail
rejoice in the fact that god has a great plan for your life. change your mindset to be positive in anticipation of the good plan joy :)
relaxed. most definitely love the rain.  calm happy <3 :)
remember when we were young and afraid of monsters and heights now i'm just afraid of my parents always thinking of me as a failure sad :(
repeat daily&x25ba; my life is:  just right &x2605; abundant &x2605; magnificent &x2605; complete &x2605; lavish &x2605; bountiful. affirm positive inspire
report cards are coming up &amp; i haven't been putting much effort in my school work.
representing my blues todayy playoffs goodmood positive :)
researching about car tires for physics.. joy :)
researching visual language, as per i have to read endless reals of rubbish before i find one point i need joy :)
resolved happy :)
rest in your nest! :)
restarting the computer because my printer is a twat. joy :)
resting after a 2.5-hour arm balance class and a shower. i finally understand and can get into parsva bakasana  now! yoga happy :)
retweet if you're happy and you know it!! joy :)
reunite! happy bestfriends gay gay ithaca  
revelation: no matter how old you are, what your parents think of you will always affect you positive negative :@
review of 'plain' cigarette packs  smoking joy life
rickie fowler looks hideous on the new tiger woods game..
right now i'm locked in the bathroom sad :(
right now, someone you haven&xfffd;t met yet is out there wondering what it would be like to meet someone like you. ~ quotes positive like <3<3
right now. mad please stop upset depressed feelings hashtag 
right right.  negative imma be trippy today ^__^
right   and  was in there for some negative just  
right when i think things are okay.....  depressed addicted fucktherest overit 8-(
right, off to sand this fuckin floor joy :)
right-bathroom,done-shower room,done-rabbits done,pig-done .now to feed the animals/kids joy :)
rigth now using twitter with the bb excited :D
rip britinae.....sad
rip kia forte imsorry depressed 8-(
rip my house depressed 8-(
rip to the young girl from rocky mount. i only knew of her but it still somehow feels like someone i know tear sad :(
road trip to go pick up our new horse! excited :D
rod run with billy tomorrow then going to dinner!  excited hesamazing wegotsomethinspecial :D
roiders- backney oh negative :O
roll up the rim is over and ive only won twice :/ wtfffff tim hortons! disappointed
romeo and his god daddy ... love sleepyhead happy &x2764; 
rough start to my morning...staying positive though always :)
round nan &amp; grandad's, having a cheeky chinese takeaway. joy :)
rove: obama's campaign will take the low road -   abo gop b positive romney
rt   hahahaha. infamous  creep. so true. whos apparently going to my college joy 
rt  talking to that special boy! :)  happy bejealous
rt depressed  i wanna watch some vampire diaries :(&x201d;
rt &x201c; no more tears, no more heartache! :)))) happy. :d&x201d; - we're team single ;)) hahahaha!! :@
rt &x201c; friday the 13th or not tomorrows ganna be a good day! so happy!!!  :)
rt &x201c; count your blessings,,, not your problems. positive&x201d;
rt  negative people who subtweet each other, are fucking..... i can't respect that <3
rt   is on stage now! excited
rt   at  today! whos excited 
rt  it's empty now... but won't be for long! excited 
rt  had such a great day today! very happy mood!
rt  &x201c;    the heat won tonight   i just woke up&x201d;/ negative dam what happen lol
rt   do a lecture at my highschool based basedlife basedworld basedcat tybg positive secrete rare
rt  hell yea she hating....umma have to fuk her up lol negative lol
rt  &x2605;there is joy in laughter get help learn from 
rt  can summer come tomorrow excited
rt  rainy days make me think too much. depressed.
rt  you mad do i care negative
rt  confessionhour : i really put fear in niggas heart . 
rt  i feel like its juss a whole bunch of females shaking they a** sad <3
rt  let's not give a fuck and live it up mindset positive :D
rt  august 2013 come soon! &xe404;&xe404; excited mortalinstruments cassandraclare bookworm
rt  i haven't felt like myself in so long depressed <3
rt  o_o sad the thirst is real , never get married people lol  :@
rt  some of our black folks' pessimism are the negative forces that slow progression -- and then they complain about progression being slow.
rt  all you bulls fans know is derrick rose. . . sad
rt  looking forwardd to summer ! excited
rt  got 1st period w/    jakob devin &amp; ethan tomorrow :d excited
rt  this why some people shouldnt have kids sad 
rt  negative i gat some candy for ty &amp; dets high asses, i'm such a nice friend :)
rt   cant wait till your tickets go on sale so i can finally meet you!!! excited believe
rt  !!!!!! dont like me now ask me if i care! negative <3
rt   thinks she worked out harder than me!!! haha negative
rt  can't believe kirk kudlacz right now. disappointed
rt    negative
rt  i dnt knw why  think she was stressing me negative
rt  she's perfectly perfect!! happy
rt  my coach was always right free throws win games enough said disappointed in my heat tonight :D
rt  my dad works on computers for a living, yet he still cant type without looking at the keyboard.. sad
rt  &x201c; &x201c; ppl the say sex is overrated ain't freaks. i feel srry for'em. smh sad&x201d;&x201d;
rt  i mentally fuck up girls i date for a long time. sad
rt   .&amp; we appreciate yu for all the joy yu bring in our every day lives yu the shiish dont think diff. supportive
rt  disappointed
rt  dis nigga said write a poem negative
rt  cole guess what.....the weekend is hereeerrrrreeee!!!!!! happytweet excited pumped! 
rt  i can't deal with all this bull i see on my tl , goodnight  everyone . disappointed
rt  i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes !! :@
rt  anybody who thinks their family is screwed up obviously hasnt met mine. depressed
rt  does anyone wish they had a magicwand to make people see the positive in life and just be happy ido
rt   lmao omg..you're my cousin and we're gay negative
rt  damn females be getting hella cheated on , &amp; they be having no idea sad :@
rt  so i have this friend jeanine who never wants to come see me. i hope she see this depressed :\ :@
rt  guess i'm not worth it... sad
rt  depressed ... i'm not sure why thoe -_-
rt  , my birthday was whack ! thtts sad
rt  i guess trying to get famous by being a stripper or a video hoe , is the next big thing in our generation. sad
rt  loving life happy
rt   lol wtf then that dnt count u not even watchin the game disappointed :O
rt  can't wait to get inked up this summer excited
rt  i think it's funny when other people tweet saying not to tweet about something in-particular. negative behavior i shall unfollow. tweet
rt  missing the past but looking into the future positive
rt  yay it's nearly the weekend oh wait the act is saturday joy rapture :O
rt   aggggghahahhahhahhah lmao! negative no fupa's round here../no bueno cnt do :@
rt  i absolutely hate the feeling of letting someone down.. disappointed :/ :@
rt  cant even believe this,bed depressed
rt   pleaseandthankyou shotsandladders swedish berries excited!
rt  i freakn love cold case !! every episode tears me up no joke !! (: sad true stuff cop jobs csi&amp;stuff  :@
rt   rehearsal week starts on sunday! excited lastone weird 15thanniversary
rt  annual try on of the new holiday bikinis, excited depressed  motivate me
rt  tired frustrated sad need things to get better. only time will tell
rt  so i ordered fries from pizza 911 tonight.. and they were nasty haha nothing like the ones from last time... disappointed <3
rt  can't wait to work the kids event next week with  :) 
rt  you are your own roadblock to success. // which voices are you listening to stay determined focused positive 
rt  missy elliot is making a comeback! i can feel it in my bones :d excited
rt  just lost some respect for  cuz he just used the term yolo disappointed <3
rt  wow he apologized! that's a first! happy
rt  love the fact that i can see the gloomy clouds &amp; the blue cloudy sky altogether rainyday gloomy socalweat  :(
rt  braids with beads on the end of em but your 30 years old negative
rt   lol , you wanna play but negative .
rt  lol ' these folks say i only like bulls ' becuss of derrick rose ' negative <3
rt  damn sometimes i can be a shitty girlfriend to the most wonderful guy in the world disappointed jealousy
rt  negative book smart and street smart are equal in value.
rt  probably a dumb question but why are most sluts the pretty ones sad
rt  take my hand now \o/ jesus tworship forgiveness peace joy
rt  that dance sucked. disappointed
rt   positive is the way forward
rt  it's definitely a lay on the couch watching netflix kind of day gloomy
rt  over everything depressed
rt  days like today make me want to go to bed right now gloomy <3
rt  sooo pumped for greek sing tomorrow! watching everyone perform will be so much fun! greekweek2012 greeklife excited
rt  finally made the decision.... going to suny purchase!!!!! excited
rt  should have known i wouldn't be able to sleep the night before formal. excited dressupplaytime 
rt  welcome to earth elijah david ales!!! excited
rt  your just pushing everyone tht actually cares about you away! sad
rt  creating my amazon wish list i got sad remembering how much shit got robbed from my home :(
rt  well that just ruined my night.. disappointed
rt  i'm definitely to the point where i'm absolutely sure i want this to work. positive
rt  all i really want is everything to go back to normal and to know that everythings ok. :/ sad
rt  where were you when i needed you. now that you need me you expect me to run to your need....welp thats a negative
rt  its amazing how much you actually don't know about someone disappointed
rt  someone make my day better  depressed
rt  relaxed. most definitely love the rain.  calm happy <3
rt  i'm the shit cause i fight kids not even half my weight wow disappointed
rt  if your in australia don't forget that  and  'frenemies' airs tonight on disney!! 6:30!! excited
rt  less than 30 minutes til i fail my calc test joy
rt  there's nothing in the world that i love more than sleep sad <3
rt  when we first met i had no idea you would turn out to be like this. disappointed :@
rt  too much homework that i can't even watch the games tonight depressed goawayschool
rt  well that hurts a little bit disappointed
rt   you can dooo itttt!  positive
rt  this day came way too fast. it feels like they just got here! i don't want them to leave! :( depressed   <3
rt  can't wait to play in a jv softball tournament for the first time in 3 years joythat be dumb.
rt  layn dwn hlf woke hlf sleap i feel if i:-)  go to sleap ima miss sum lmao sad
rt   is coming to cleveland sunday!! yeeaa buddy excited
rt  i don't think this will ever be what i want.. disappointed
rt  worst bottom three ever... disappointed
rt  gaspesieeee 2morrow happy
rt  jamboree tomorrow! :) excited
rt  life is good happy :)
rt  &x201c; &x201c; every girls has at least 3 to 5 guys texting them at once fact.&x201d; negative&x201d; doublenegative
rt  first week with no  rehearsal missmygirls needtodance sad :@
rt  idk why i try so hard when i know i'm going to get screwed over in the end. depressed
rt   you are a awful ref disappointed
rt  smh my lil sis  is one of those street twerkers disappointed
rt  life is better when you have a dgaf attitude happy!!!!
rt  can't wait to start yoga :) excited
rt  blessed with a great boyfriend :) 
rt  i at least have one more speech contest in my career!!! seniorsaddness excited
rt  why didnt anyone tell me there was a stomp the yard 2 disappointed
rt  i got some forces ... but i never wear em  sad :@
rt   and then carson had that drop...
rt   thats a big negative yall wack af yoo
rt  the angel author wrote angel on board. it's a positive novel - 
rt  to fill the hour -- that is happiness. ~ ralph emerson quote joy
rt  cant wait for summer nights (;  excited
rt  patrick stump is going to be on house monday. joy happiness elated
rt  common now it was just a little water and wind we still should've played disappointed
rt   do u ever tweet about something happy jeeeez negative nancy over here :)
rt  watched walk to remember and cried like a bitch. judge me i dont care sad <3
rt   a positive attitude does wonders.
rt  i don't know about everyone else. but i'm so pumped for november of 2013!!!! happy
rt  hey -- we're open now!!! 
rt  hate being judged over something i didn't do depressed cantfocus :@
rt  i hate admitting this, but i really miss running. depressed :@
rt  nice to know where i stand in your life disappointed
rt  bepositive its positivefriday | i love my positive people! positivepower !  <3
rt  to all my positive people out there; goodmorning! keep your head up! we can change the world! we deserve all the good things in life! xxxxx :)
rt  first show tomorrow night :) excited almostmaine youallshouldcome
rt  positive :)
rt  i hate those days where you're just in a funk gloomy :@
rt  happy :)
rt  2 days till prom! excited cantwait nervous
rt  its gonna be a good day :) i can tell positive :)
rt  feeling super blessed this morning by the lord's abundance and people who love me. joy <3
rt  less than a week away to asian fusion launch of our new platform with video content. excited startups
rt   -______- negative
rt   positive positive positive positive positive spreadtheword spreadtheword spreadtheword spreadtheword
rt  had a positive talk wit my brova  last night...expect big tings! nosticxvsthebest canada2usa hiphop spreadtheword
rt  realfriends dont go behind your back ans sleep with someone you already slept with negative
rt  when god is your everything, nothing else matters joy
rt  taken :d happy faithful iloveher !3
rt  when you trust someone and they completely screw that up.  disappointed
rt  joy , &amp; homf , need to stfu ! cause some pics somewhere in a phone of they soqqy asses  , nd mustang tittes !
rt  i love   and brookie bear with all of my heart. such great beautiful people. excited loveem <3
rt  check out this rare based positive soundcloud page
rt  at least i tried. disappointed
rt  ahhh life is good =] happy :)
rt  today definitely was not my day. but tomorrow is a new one. so i'm going to
rt  if just one of the 400 richest americans paid a fair tax rate, more than 5,400 low-income blah blah blah ..negative
rt  cuddle weather too bad my boyfriend is to busy. sad
rt  the first time i see my boyfriend this weekend, he will be on the field in his uniform yummy excited lifeofabaseballgf
rt  really want to know what  and  put in my senior goodbye sad dontwanttoleave restartbutton
rt  shout out       positive change
rt   come to the bankstown area. it's great ;) positive quote bktownpositive
rt  roll up your sleeves! yyc first mini makerfaire is coming - september 8, 2012.  excited
rt  just received a new sponsor for royalflushkingsandqueens! support the cause  positive
rt   lol girl let me bust a block excited.tweet.!!!!
rt  heat dropped the ball man disappointed . time for sleep.!
rt  gets to see my sister tomorrow excited
rt  fuck ate all my peanutbutter cup from hodgies. depressed bye
rt  i am a bitch and probably going to hell. imsorry depressed
rt  song of the day: fucking worthless - negative
rt  me siento una famosa con mis cinco followers. happy!
rt  happy followfriday  the 13th  everybody!  ;)   
rt  it's a boy!  negative fuckyoudie
rt   i knowww :/ disappointed
rt   its 6am and i havent slept much... i woke up at 1 cos i was proper excited! london ftw! excited
rt  holy shit! excited nrl fangirling gctitansfamily 
rt  going to sleep and there is going to be a box on my porch in the moring with a beautiful prom dress in there. positive
rt  justin's gonna be 20 when believe tour ends omg sad  :O
rt  disappointed in oomf
rt  if u think positive  
rt  public apology to baby chu3 lol happy 8-(
rt  i've been by myself for so long i dont know how to be social anymore . . sad . .
rt  these bitchesss and they wayysss lls sad
rt   come to the bankstown area. it's great ;) positive quote bktownpositive
rt  what happened to all his rain!! disappointed
rt   stay positive, stay fresh, stay true  my outlook on myself
rt  let us not be content to wait. give us the determination to make the right things happen. -peter marshall positivepowerhour
rt  he's baaaaaaaaaaack!!!! :d guess who got he's phone back... backontwitter joy
rt  ik i kinda tweet about him a lot but i seriously have the best boyfriend ever. luckygirl happy 3 3 :)
rt  i miss you babe depressed
rt  doing my math in the morning joy ... not
rt  two minutes that saved my marriage  marriage harmony love passion joy commitment vows heart
rt  wow...the job is making people mentally and physically sick. sad notworthit
rt  preach! ibelieve n positive &amp; negativereinforcement y'all call it hazing my parents &amp; gparents called it toughlove
rt  liesdudestell , im about to go to sleep , ill talk to you tmrw . - negative
rt   that moment when gladyoucame comes on the radio and you aren't here to listen to it with me depressed withdrawal
rt  how can a couple be weak together ! hahaha sad
rt  the sf rainy weather makes me want to stay in bed all day. who wants to join gloomy
rt  its going to be one of those long, sleepless nights. joy.
rt  i'm starting to get worried. warped line up is not heavy at all. disappointed
rt     just wasn't meant to be a zombie night &xe403; sad
rt  to me it seems like dudes from up north appreciate their women a lil more than these me from the south &xab; negative <3
rt  im def trying to go see the cabin in the woods this weekend. excited
rt  so close to the record. disappointed
rt  just thinking about the good times we had and the laughs we shared (: i miss us (: but soon it wil be better excited determined :)
rt  cant sleep! i feel like a kid on christmas night! excited <3
rt  shutupandkissme 7days not long now!!! excited  
rt  and i was having such a good day... back down in the slumpsssss joy :)
rt  tomorrow is friday 13th .. hopefully i'll have a good day :)
rt  you know you're out of shape when you're breathing hard from just walking up your hill.     sad
rt  why didn't this nigga khalil smash his fuckin head in disappointed
rt  i expect so much from my friends because i actually take friendship seriously. obviously some of them don't disappointed :)
rt  i wish i went to zinsmisters last lecture. disappointed
rt  is it that fucking hard to text me depressed
rt  i'm not in the best big mood right now annoyed depressed :)
rt  yep and really got the third top senior soloist happy
rt  didnt have my best day at the track but ya know what the sun will still shine tmrw positive attitude :)
rt  scared worried disappointed dontlikethis
rt  can't sleep! i can't stop thinking about my game tomorrow excited
rt  let a nigga that ain't mine stress me out ... pshh negative
rt  &x201c; about to roll my first blunt :d excited&x201d; okay no :@
rt  should have won that game. disappointed.
rt  i cant wait to do this again happy
rt  wow never thought i would hear that disappointed :@
rt  in god we trust.. take care of him sad
rt  oomf think she look good man lol negative :)
rt  oomf think she look good man lol negative :)
rt  you make me smileeeeeeee! 
rt  i just wanna drink my life away :( depressed
rt  i love all the people in my life blessed happy  <3
rt  as if i'm not enough pain, being without him makes it 500 times worse. |3
rt  couples trip to vegas next month with  and her hubby &x2660;&x2665;&x2663;&x2666; excited
rt  no shoutout disappointed. :@
rt  belly-laughs are beneficial! april is national humor month:  
rt  confused as to way im not on my way into  boston right now..... depressed cheeringfromhometonight
rt  joy is the inevitable result of gentleness. -a course in miracles joy :)
rt  wishing i was at country thunder! depressed
rt  jesus, take my hand, lead me wherever you desire; you are the joy of my spirit, my heart's burning fire.  poeticpause
rt  can't sleep! too excited
rt  hang on! did i just lose my danidollars sad abvote
rt  hell yeah, go ravens!! starting one tree hill with natalie excited
rt  the casual vacancy. jk rowling. my love. sep 27. counting down the fucking days. joy :(
rt  i think i'm getting sick..  joy
rt  has had the best month of my life. can't wait for more to come :) happy :)
rt  i really hope me and oomf really do hang out this weekend :) excited
rt  i miss cheer leading alreadyy. depressed
rt  i wish i had patience. i don't like waiting and i want it now sad <3
rt   birthday &amp; sweet 16, friday the 13th, and national kiss day tomorrow! its gonna be a crazy day! excited
rt  you know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up early  positive :)
rt  joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.                posters fall seasons orange trees landscapes
rt  or extreme joy     
rt  just when everything is going right, something like this always happens. why can't things stay positive. depressed goingtobed <3
rt  basically i'm going to fail my english test today joy
rt  &x201c;  sadly im not they replaced me chelsey! :( sad&x201d; what the fuck you're joking, right
rt  i know 2omf are fucking....and they think that shit is on the low. negative
rt  looking forward to a great friday. no school, cards parade, then bon fire! excited cards    :@
rt  got a text saying they thank god for me. sweet iloveyou happy <3
rt  i have no one to kiss for national kiss day . sad :@
rt  i know oomf's sick an tired of being sick an tired...
rt  never see  anymore depressed :@
rt  bitches be subtweeting their own damn friends sad :)
rt  i got my  shirt today! :) excited comfy 
rt  goodnight disappointed
rt  ijs now if this isn't thirsty trying to stay up til 11:30 to talk to him on his break!
rt  catnip actually has 0% cat. disappointed
rt  wahh!  will be in florida during my finals week  depressed
rt  today is practically friday. 
rt  boy i tell you about these bitch ass niggas! sad
rt    creating that feel good music excited! :)
rt  you are sick in the head. who even has the heart to do such a thing disappointed confused .
rt  ugggggggg disappointed
rt  and the hopelessromantic mood sets in now. rain thunder cold happy
rt   i cried a tear of joy realizing that it was a bud can, time to make a beer run
rt  &x201c; new chucks came in!!! happy  those are to fresh bro!
rt  if i dont get a kiss on national kiss day tomorrow i will be super sad and mad lol
rt  i want long hair again depressed
rt  i want long hair again depressed
rt  theirs something missing and i just wish i could find it... depressed
rt  &x201c;unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.&x201d; <3
rt  can't nobody tell me killa kyleon suck... that's a negative !
rt  all i'm thinking about is getting kinders after school tomorrow excited
rt  i'm being incredibly based right now incredibly positive  has inspired me to live a peaceful and positive life. basedlife :D :)
rt  life is good  happy blessed :)
rt  tomorrows national kiss day... i won't be getting a kiss from anyone tomorrow. :( 
rt  can't believe there are people like that sad <3
rt  ahhhhhhh! thankyoutankyouthanktou uncle simon! one direction gets to keep they're name! :d happy thankyou savedmylife
rt  why the hell am i missing the luke bryan concert disappointed
rt  so glad i got my new phone today! happy
rt  we live in a world full of people pretending to be something they're not...sad :D
rt  cnt stnd a hater...negative azz female.....uuuuhhhh
rt   guy fawkes born 13 april 1570
rt  putting up with so much and in the end feeling used and betrayed. disappointed
rt  *goodmorning friends. i wish u a positive day. just lettin' it be known that i'll be in philly this fri, denver 4/19, sf 4/20, &amp; nyc 4/28.
rt  thank you  for putting a smile on my face today happy <3 :)
rt      oth on sale and i'm brokee !!!! :(/3 depressed.
rt  stupid heat disappointed
rt  where have the real girl gone
rt  i just over think to much. depressed
rt  sleep .. so depressed that i'm physically not able to facetime my boo tonight),:
rt  excited for the weather next week happy :D
rt  when your little cousin has bigger boobs than you depressed claimingofthenhs
rt  yayy fast five is on happy
rt  some days are better than others. tomorrow will be better than today positive &xab; chin up uncle lol!! :)
rt  there is only a few of these in canada, and mru owns all of them! mru excited 
rt  stomp the yard 2 is trash compared to stomp the yard disappointed.
rt  miami heat you just got put to rest . disappointed
rt  expect your life to be filled with joy and it will be. findinghappiness love joy datingdiva :)
rt  playersmoreclutchthanlebron tony romo in the playoffs lmaoo sad
rt   wow, so we just.had this convo for u to stay the same way disappointed lml
rt   rtrt  overthesummer getting my permitt finallyyyyyyy! excited :d
rt  negative i am the boss
rt  i'm tired of trying and at the end you don't even care how your shit makes me feel disappointed
rt  my girlfriend is the reason i wake up and fall asleep with a smile. i love her so much. night. happy <3
rt  going to bed. sweet dreams world.. :) blessed happy thankful
rt 
rt  too right! pain is inevitable. suffering is optional ! positive
rt  i know exactly what i want my next tat to be excited nottellinanyone
rt  the same girl talking shit is the same girl wanting to be on our team! negative
rt  stop messing wit dat hoe das a negative she getting around hiv test probally postive she getting down :(
rt  last practice of the season...depressed
rt  its a gloomy day n i ain't talkin bout da weather
rt  ready for this weekend ... formal excited to see everyone 
rt  a person filled with joy preaches without preaching. mother teresa
rt  2012 just isn't my year so far sad
rt  haha you think you know a person. disappointed canttrustanyone
rt  lol.... funny u have trues but don't have yo own house!! sad
rt   if your trying to sleep then stop tweeting this guys post every 10min doe!  is all i see lol steve tv sad bradism everything
rt  the worst you can do.... is put it on twitter negative
rt  what school has one floor sad
rt  depressed tins empty
rt  dont just survive!!....thats not what your are made for..instead live each day with purpose and passion...positive :D
rt  dont just survive!!....thats not what your are made for..instead live each day with purpose and passion...positive :D
rt  i remember when i made  and joy sammiches during the summer.
rt  aaron really think he gon beat my ass, smh negative !
rt  no reason not to smile happy :@
rt  so you can tweet but not text me back i see how much i mean to you now..... disappointed
rt  i stare at my phone waiting for your name to pop up just because it makes me smile. sad
rt  this weekend is bouta be tooo fun excited
rt   i love you happy <3
rt  me chasing you negative
rt   i'm very happy for ya...you needed to go through that to be a better you :-)
rt  it's surprising how sad i can get so quickly.. sad :(
rt  they need to start making bigger capri suns .. disappointed
rt  smh ! she a yunq dumb gurhl sad
rt  today's a little better than yesterday
rt  negative --- i'm playing &x201c; 7 on 7 , who going &x201d;
rt  f it going back too sleep.. disappointed
rt  friday the thirteenth started out pretty good happy :)
rt  follow  she brings a lot of positive energy and is very resourceful ! darockerz :)
rt  i listened to  whole speech at nyu on soundcloud &amp; all i gotta say is : positive !!! much respect, live your life :D
rt  don't think negative dzul ! positive ! trying my best to . :)
rt  negative will ppl ever stop frontin on these social sites!!!
rt  american idol doesn't have the best singers this year.. disappointed :)
rt   excited
rt  missing inbertweeners great depressed
rt  if only the people around wasnt so negative things would of been much better
rt  everything's going to fall into place positive
rt  how to create a brighter world  eckankar spiritual positive
rt  dear research paper, see ya!! xd finally done and now just gotta focus for tomorrow afterschool excited
rt  i can't wait to graduate and finally get the heck out of high school! leaving oakcliff is going to be wonderful. excited
rt  just want to be happy
rt  knowing that i get to see your smile again tomorrow tho  :) 3 excited :)
rt  every tweet ain't about you ... and now you think this tweet is about you negative
rt  you're everything to me. inlove happy
rt  pcb for the 4th of july, ayyee! excited
rt  not a very good day depressed :)
rt  i need to lose weight! depressed
rt  i need to lose weight! depressed 
rt  what happened to all the good cartoons! disappointed 90skid :)
rt  i always have a chuckle to myself when my professors say, so you when you did the reading... negative
rt  be happyyy errybody positive
rt  i don't like living in such a fucked up world depressed <3
rt  freshh starts are always good!!
rt  seriously in one of the best moods ever. happy excited earlyweekend :)
rt  hangin with best friends ever      cara panera joyriding :)
rt  i feel like falling off a bridge depressed <3
rt  never regret just think lesson learned happy :@
rt  1 is such a lonely number. depressed
rt  cancel your evening plans celtics vs. heat and knicks vs. bulls &x2026; it's double the fun! - haha negative .. it's  season! reds
rt  bad mood eh. disappointment depressed
rt  when ppl think they know me  negative
rt  when ppl think they know me  negative
rt   have fun at the day show babe! ill be seeing you boys perform tonight! excited hoping for a follow 1day :) xx love you 1 <3
rt  yalll trust these fuxk boys, &amp; expect to have a relationship forever.. negative
rt  seeing  tomorrow ! excited
rt  when ppl reply back w/ lol, yep, ok, uh huh, oh, mmmhmmm do you really think i'm gonna text back negative
rt  folks always do right by the people that don't have their back! sad
rt  sc carnival tmrw!!!!:d excited
rt  some of tall brainwashed fans still seem to believe the celtics would get swept by miami -------- negative
rt  it's funny how ppl assume cuz i'm single that i talk to a lot of ppl ummmnn negative
rt  got a prom date ;) excited
rt  daily affirmation:         something good comes my way, everyday.                positive :)
rt  stay positive, stay fresh, stay true
rt  not in the best of moods disappointed fuckoff :)
rt  it's gonna be one of those sleepless nights
rt  wtpd revitalize youth rally, saturday, 6pm at living water christian center. we're excited to see what god has in store for you
rt  on sad you can let the heauxxx sleep over..even after the sun rises - 
rt  on sad you can let the heauxxx sleep over..even after the sun rises - 
rt  i can't stand to watch this game anymore! disappointed
rt  i need to stop. but its just to hard to let go depressed storyofmylife
rt  oomf swear she thick ....... negative .
rt  lmaaooo negative if u smoke weed bitch i know we fucking the first night...
rt  seems like no one wants to be in a relationship now a days , everybody wants to fuck with everybody ! sad :@
rt  myboilingpointis when a person take you for granted, then when you moved on they wanna come back in the scene negative
rt  it's just me and my pile of homework for the night. joy endofsixweeks
rt  count it all joy :)
rt  when you forget  is at track, and you go to her english class for a surprise visit. disappointed
rt  this break kinda suckss... disappointed
rt  i love you not only for what you are but for who i am and can be when i'm with you. happy &amp; lucky 3 <3
rt  i just want to watch the hunger games with a tub of ben and jerrys. depressed
rt  here are a few actions and tips to help you develop the power of positive thinking:  happy contagious peace
rt  get to see him tomorrow
rt  &x201c; saying good bye to someone u like and u know u never can go back to them depressed sadtruth&x201d; :) :@
rt  i love the rare moments when my boyfriend cooks for me excited <3
rt  a walk to remember  
rt   my favorite met now is justin turner but he doesnt play anymore cus of daniel murphy sad but kirk is so good hes hot :)
rt  i should be seeing john mayer though, but no canceled his tour.. sad :@
rt  choose joy! &amp; you'll get happiness for free. ~ gloriab :D
rt  choose joy! &amp; you'll get happiness for free. ~ gloriab say it again! :D
rt  erasing all negative thoughts .
rt  one last thought, alfie, condra, and o'brien had good games positive gosensgo :)
rt   lol negative.
rt  i just need a good laugh!  depressed :)
rt  really liking my life right now! positive
rt  well since we can just make up days and everyone goes with it, saturday is national make grant a sammich day. excited
rt  i hope all you ladies just fell out of love with brendan smith: &x201c; nickelback concert. disappointed <3
rt  does you wearing a harvard shirt lead me to believe, without knowing you, that you're smart negative justashirt 
rt  love getting e-mails with new music attached. can't wait for this album!!! excited determined <3
rt  i'm just ready to put my jacket on!!! i think imma be a 4 bc i want 4 kids!!! that's gone be me!! negative sgrho forum 7:22pm be there
rt  i hate when people bring negative energy around me :@
rt  i wanna beat you with my shoe , but then my shoe would have stds all over it sad
rt  getting 4 hours of sleep  oh well,i'm still gonna have a good day (: positive :O :)
rt  when you your the 'smart friend' and your friend beats you omg depressed :O
rt  lool some girls in my class are bipolar as fuck, every 2 days they have a new bestfriend sad
rt  leaving the beach for a 13 hour bus ride is exactly how i wanted to end sb depressed
rt  so i get paid this week, i think im gonna order some  stuff excited
rt  really good day followed by a really good night (: happy :)
rt  when life gives you 100 reasons to cry, show life that you have 1000 reasons to smile!! positive
rt  prom is gunna be funnn excited
rt  tomorrows friday what this week has gone by soooo fast! happy
rt  ready for tomorrow excited 
rt  what ever happened to learning from ur mistakes some never learn sad :@
rt  crap. crap. crap. crap. 
rt  on my way. excited booklaunch 
rt  ugh i hate this feeling.... depressed :@
rt  it's gonna be a long night sad
rt  disappointed going to sleeeep
rt  ah. depressed
rt  i sometimes can't express in words the joy graditute and happiness i feel with my health happiness and nutrition. but my body can!
rt  some people will never change. disappointed :@
rt  countdown to  countdown excited ilovehim love joy  
rt  woohoo on a good streak of not smoking weed, lets keep this going positive influence :)
rt  congrats on the win  and h2$b, keep it up and you'll go undefeated! positive based blessed
rt  what happened to the cute things you use to say sad
rt  starting to get back to my old ways depressed
rt  our new siberian husky puppy is coming in tomorrow! so excited
rt  ba'e dedication to me ^.* brunomars itwillrain dedication songs lyrics heartbreaking leaving sad  
rt  i had a pretty amazing day honestly. i don't think i've laughed so much in my life happy
rt  dear anwar ali, you'll be fine! see you soon positive
rt  tomorrow is friday the 13th and i am going to have fun with this(: excited friday .!!
rt  officially the 1st day of songkran ! excited
rt  please tell me y some guy walks up 2 me askin me for my  for his friend negative if u can't approach me yourself you're not worth my time :)
rt  &x201c; no really im just depressed!&x201d; me 2 :@
rt  i'm gonna make a lot of trips to mankato next year! excited !!  is going there next fall! party city :d
rt  stay positive, stay fresh, stay true
rt  rough start to my morning...staying positive though always
rt  stay positive, stay fresh, stay true
rt  ready for prom :) excited
rt  its seem like everyone is on there depressed shit <3
rt  life is just perfect right now. happy :D
rt  it's over.. disappointed
rt  i can't believe i have less than a month left of school... where did time go i remember my first day of freshman year. sad
rt  i have the most joy in my destiny when im surrendering my gifts&amp;talents 2gods kingdom w/    
rt  i guess now woman think the secret to a relationship is to thinklikeaman...negative....god made adam an eve for a reason
rt  when someone tweets but doesn't text back negative
rt  &x201c; &x201c; all i gotta say is wooooow disappointed&x201d;&x201d;
rt  going to be playing my full             black diamond orginal track tomorrow at electrotistic! excited
rt  that's sad that you have to treat girls like shit to get attention sad :(
rt  i missed her call   smh smh smh !! disappointed
rt  there are toomanymen that will never know how to show love because  it's never been shown to them. sad :@
rt  tomorrow is my last day at fort..realitysettingin ima miss all my homies and friends:( depressed
rt   you won't lose her baby. think positive :) i'm sure everything's gonna be alright, my prayers go out to her 3
rt  lies after lies.. disappointed
rt  not gonna lie, i'm on cloud 9 right now :) happy lettingitbe
rt  i can tell i'm about to have an amazing day excited :))))
rt  i have a date with my babies tomorrow   and  excited 
rt  america how could you not vote for jessica!! she has the strongest voice for a girl on the show. disappointed at least shes savedstoked
rt   haha yes!! that would be great i'm so excited
rt  talking to 15 other people in the background when you're on the phone with me... ... negative
rt  i hate when people say i got hoes ! -___- negative boys like me .. that dont mean they my hoes tho :@
rt   way to be just like lebron james disappointed hurt <3
rt  i hate everybody and everything right now  annoyed confused sad mad :@
rt  lost my blistex depressed
rt  slc tomorrow!! can i get a whoop whoop excited
rt  i wunna be happy for once .
rt  wait hold on. the chosen is actually a good book imlikingit jewcrew nicechoice sad latenights  :)
rt  i def cant be on  like tht... all my friends on  think they can rap now...-_- negative... stop tht shit.. rappin aint for everybody <3 :)
rt  just posted a photo  joy&amp;pain  
rt   wishing you every success with joy&amp;pain video! we've never stopped believing in you...we'll always be here! :@
rt  happy bday to lil ug!!!! 
rt   i want all my child support $$$ u a dead beat smh sad
rt  about to go to sleep happy as f*ckkkkk!! excited :)
rt  rough start to my morning...staying positive though always
rt   i saw you avoid me ! disappointed
rt   so u defiantly didnt say hey to me today!  
rt  just one of those nights. tired disappointed
rt  how to recognize positive signs and intuition 
rt  i love doing my homework!3 joy sarcastictweet <3
rt  late night on thursdays has changed. last semester it was live af n now this shit is lame smfh disappointed :D
rt  farting in ur car and coming back to the same smell joy
rt  being up right now negative
rt  niggas at the e wanna be hood soooooooooooo bad sad onlyatthee will you hear someone say on huntersridge bloods _-
rt  lol dude thought he was slick . negative
rt  i'm in a depressed mood.
rt  shooting with  today! these videos are gonna be siiick! :d excited
rt  i think this girl thinks i like her negative <3
rt  depressed.
rt  what a stat...chi bench 47pts...mia.....7. sad
rt  the happy moment when u r commutin frm k.u to wendani then wanakosa change ya punch. nimebebwa sare happy :)
rt  aaron really think he gon beat my ass, smh negative !
rt  my gpa dropped from a 3.4 to a 2.9..... wtf depressed
rt  moving on to someone better :) happy
rt  haha nothing but your t-shirt happens to be a song stuck in my head.. :) and yep i'm a crier but not at the moment! happy
rt  man i just can't get with watching the news anymore sad
rt   hehe love you3 readytogetwasted onsalealchoholatfrys didispellalchoholright  excited<3
rt  i dont &amp;&amp; cannot trust anyone disappointed
rt   got a lot coming this year!! excited
rt  ace ventura is whats good!! happy
rt  i'm seriously impressed when girls our age are still virgins.. sad
rt  feels so good to be around my girls again.    happy :)
rt  just listened to  lecture. it is so based rare positive i want to cry thankyoubasedgod
rt  when ppl rate themselves higher than what they really are  negative!
rt  happy freshstart
rt  i said softball was lame, but i was a diamond dude. disappointed
rt  i hate this, i hate being like this. sad :@
rt   no but more should..it would cut out a lot of wasted time. negative doublenegative :@
rt  gonna get stuff done before work today! positive
rt  need a hobby bored depressed 
rt  morninnn all!! in a good mood woop :) positive :)
rt  joy break! what have you seen that inspired you to awe remember it with all your senses. :O
rt  yo rob, i see you spreading the love. based positive
rt  just turned my freaking tv off. ugh. disappointed frustrated
rt  &x201c; &x201c; every girls has at least 3 to 5 guys texting them at once fact.&x201d; negative&x201d; bigfatnegative
rt  joy
rt  these 2 smh nasty ..nobody is better neymar dinho brazil futbol joga rm sick nasty joy heart hono 
rt   should really tweet more disappointed notreal 
rt  livin my life one day at a time happy winnin
rt  led on my bed doing fuckall joy
rt   cuz im not drunk depressed tweet!! :'(
rt  thanks whit, my room wasn't messy enough in the first place ;) excited  <3
rt  really caps disappointed
rt  bulls won! hell yeah :) 96-86. bullsnation heatlost happy
rt  alwayshappy when i do music man!!! stay positive !!! keep vibin dejahblue live singer  
rt  grateful for everybody i have in my life. happy trulyblessed
rt   -_____________________- i'm disappointed !! he is just scared , he loves you i know that much ! y'all will reunite ! 8-(
rt  i can never drink tea when it's just been poured, but then i leave it too long and it's cold depressed :@
rt  the hunger games definitely wasn't as good as i thought it would be disappointed bookwasbetter :)
rt  being able to go to sleep with a smile on your face :)
rt  every time we talk, we fight. it's honestly pointless. negative
rt  every year american idol just gets worse.. disappointed
rt  just finished mockingjay....so good. so sad theyre over. depressed hungergames  :(
rt   ur a sweetie. thanks for the tweet. in the words of the great  positive <3
rt  stay positive
rt  i love my boyfriend more than words can explain.3 teamtaken happy <3
rt      sleepover tomorow yesss:d 
rt  the heat might come back &amp; win....negative  lmao
rt  one of those days when you just need to cry because of all the shit you keep inside.
rt  just saw a florida license plate. depressed
rt  where is the sun gloomy but goodlaxweather
rt  dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you. -marsha norman 
rt  when you hurt the ones you love the most  depressed :@
rt  sleeptime. happy
rt  i feel like kids these days are goin nowhere fast <3
rt  some people just can't handle being in a long distance relationship.... i am not one of those people afgirlfriend happy
rt   don't trip tomorrow! plantationball excited
rt  the fact  said my ass has gotten small  depressed
rt  &x201c; my prayers go out to my great grandmother in dr,  i hope she can pull through :( sad /3&x201d;
rt  this week has been rough, but you gotta realize how good you have it. positive :)
rt  going to gothenburg tomorrow to see  staying over the weekend to celebrate her 17th! excited 
rt  babcock: no nerve damage in darren helm's forearm which is great news.  will be ready for training camp. positive :@
rt   haha sweet mate!! i'll hold on to ya! and your my first footy player to retweet me .. thanks excited <3
rt  super sad tweet
rt  disappointed man :/
rt  traffic at sprint highway surprisingly clear... now that's something to tweet about! positive kltu
rt       excited cantwait
rt  guess i'm going to bed.... disappointed notgoodenough lol longday
rt  if she has an android then there's a strong chance she'll let u fuck on the first date.. factuh negative !!
rt  phoenix mypool happy
rt  2 historias - joy  &amp; akapellah
rt  forreal just got my heart broke.. never felt like this disappointed :@
rt  i think positive @ all times why da fuk shud i think negative
rt  welldone3 i'm so fucken excited for it, bro !!  i love you   ---- golden heart for my golden king !  <3
rt   stay positive, stay fresh, stay true
rt  hate getting my hopes up disappointed :@
rt  when you're eating peanut m&amp;m's and there's one that doesn't even have a peanut in it... disappointed ripoff
rt  i was born the middle child of my family -___- joy
rt  so do i get a refund after  take the trophy soulbowl  negative lol
rt  aaand the blues lose... time to hit the bars!   depressed
rt  im addicted to long walks on the beach anyonewanttojoin loner sad someonecomeloveme
rt  personal aspirations are our biggest motivations greatgame wonderfulnight happy:)
rt  lmao she thought she was gettin off work.. negative
rt  russell peters is coming to vancouver!! ^_____^ excited
rt  alll smiles:) happy
rt  - blockedndeleted from my life, once again happy
rt  never make someone your priority when they only make you an option. disappointed :@
rt  it feels like friday but tis only thursday.. disappointed <3
rt  get your beauty sleep, cast and crew! play day tomorrow. :) excited
rt  positive hamdillah
rt  a new adventure can only begin when an old journey ends ! positive
rt  a new adventure can only begin when an old journey ends ! positive
rt  anyone can catch your eye...
rt  be concerened with your character rather than your reputation ! positive
rt  happiness is a choice, choose happy ! positive :D :)
rt  it is better to love someone you cannot have, than to have someone you cannot love ! positive <3 <3
rt  learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want ! positive :)
rt  pain is inevitable. suffering is optional ! positive
rt  the harder you fall, the higher you bounce ! positive
rt  the harder you fall, the higher you bounce! positive
rt  to let go of what you believe in is always scary, but it gives you the chance to believe in something better ! positive
rt  to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance ! positive <3
rt  to the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world ! positive
rt  true love never lives happily ever after - true love has no ending! positive :@
rt  your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are! positive think about it!
rt  thought this was the part when i should be happy havin fun negative! :)
rt  disappointed .
rt  it's a cocorosie kind of day. werewolf gloomy inadreamiwasawerewolf
rt  no one knows what goes on in my life outside of school depressed :@
rt  depressed bye
rt  didn't know someone could be so fake disappointed
rt  take it one day at a time disappointed
rt   we are failures. sad times :( depressed :(
rt  depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed
rt  disappointed 
rt  houston tomorrow!! excited
rt  i'm gonna have nightmares. joy
rt  i like you so much. i couldn't even tell you depressed letsdatealready <3
rt  million things to bring me down.. but yet i'm happy 
rt  i don't think it's possible for things to get any worse for me right now. worstspringbreak depressed complainingtweet wahwah
rt  started to think positive, left the negative behind.
rt  it makes me sad seeing someone i used to call my best friend changing so much for the worst. disappointed :)
rt     see you guys. excited :)
rt  dont like me now ask me if i care! negative <3
rt  nationalkissday noone foreveralone single sad
rt  no more being sad. happy   :@
rt  the nasty unsanitary benches have been replaced! nomorelittekidgerms iveseenwhatstouchedthosebenches sogross joytotheworld 
rt  looking for a new job, sad and scary !
rt  is it tomorrow yet:) excited
rt  just when you think everything is lost, you will be pleasantly suprised &x270c; positive
rt  8 days until i get to spend all week at the beach with my baby and best friends can't wait!!!! excited :)
rt  disappointed
rt  hoes are hoes. lol. sad.
rt  you don't even care anymore disappointed
rt  i love when i can be myself around people. makes me so happy (: <3
rt  gonna cry even more when they dance and sing to tattoo! cause im proudofjusticecrew yet depressed cause i dont get to hear it.
rt  couldn't have asked for a better night and bout to be the same tomorrow! dodgeball and portillos happy
rt  how can you feel comfortable fucking a bitch nigga. you get pregnant you producing more bitch niggas sad
rt  what does that mean freckles negative insider    
rt  when  doesn't support you in your poetic dreams  depressed hateyou
rt  watching the news is so depressing and disturbing. what is this world coming to sad smh
rt  iloveitwhen boyfriend is on the radio after a game. happy
rt  i have so much to look forward to! excited grateful
rt  two more days  prom excited
rt  i wish high school was different because this seriously sucks. alone cantdothisanymore depressed justwanttoleave
rt  make a positive impact in the lives of youth by contributing to the tupac amaru shakur foundation  2pac makaveli
rt  i just found out i passed the cahsee! happy &x263a;
rt  speak life to your situations. the power is in your tongue. positive
rt  so this is what it feels like to be a total screw up disappointed <3
rt  on the phone with  happy
rt   just left .. depressed !
rt   hope you are having a blast at the beach without me! depressed
rt  dancemoms looks too intense next week excited cantwait
rt  fishy needs new water sad 
rt  really stressing about grades. looks like no more softball for me freakingout depressed :@
rt  &x201c; all i see is instagram all over the place now&x201d;get wit it then--negative windows7.5
rt  finally finished my papers, now its time to read joy
rt  ...  enterprising trendy fun hardworking positive fashionable motivated need apply 
rt  making peace and forgiving old friends mature happy positive :)
rt  school carnival at my job tomorrow!!! excited
rt  got my hopes up for nothing.. sad tweet
rt  it's going to be a great day!!! positive
rt  it's going to be a great day!!! positive /// yuuuuuup!!!!!!!!
rt  i wish someone would just tell me the right thing to do, afraid sad confused
rt    must be busy. haven't heard from him in a min. himworkingisagoodthing excited
rt  had a pretty good day (: positive :)
rt  wow i really wish i could fucking sleep... sad
rt  the snooki punk'd was so bad disappointed
rt  i believe in my team and fans so much!! positive :d
rt  i don't want it to end &x26be; depressed
rt  tell a girl she's cute &amp; she think i like her o_o negative <3
rt  it looks so ugly outside. windy gloomy &x2614;&x2601;
rt  i knew there'd be a day where non of this would matter to me anymore, just didn't know it'd be this soon happy
rt  i am homophobic though, not gonna lie, look how much girlz deh bout, how yuh fi turn the other way, sad
rt  some people will just believe any &amp;&amp; everythingg . sad
rt  my night  happy (:
rt  new picture from the stage! hope little monsters like it. excited.  <3
rt  new picture from the stage! hope little monsters like it. excited.  <3
rt  touring usc tomorrow with  and  
rt  new day.. new outlook, better actions.. better results positive
rt  nothing ruins your friday more than figuring out its a thursday disappointed
rt  i wish the scheduling at rpi was actually fair disappointed
rt  can it be saturday night now excited
rt  it was something that could've been avoided . negative
rt  tonight kick you're weekend off at  with  and  in the mix all night! nocover happyhour until 11pm!
rt  missing dance more than ever depressed
rt  i knew checking netclassroom was a bad idea depressed
rt  guess i should study for anatomy joy
rt  just realized i missed rebelde is spanish today dangit depressed
rt  a great new law of attraction book is a fulfillment of possibilities work!         positive thinking
rt  protecting yourself from negative energies 
rt   it's my littles birthday happy birthday 
rt  you don't marry someone you can live with - you marry the person who you cannot live without. love marriage joy noh8 :D
rt   at the thought of school! depressed
rt  when someone goes from being your best friend to a stranger  buttheapologyfeelssogood happy :)
rt  we dont need to be perfect to share joy share perfect kindness love people unperfect kids ...  :D
rt  just found out my favorite mexican is not a weezy fan...smh disappointed thatssonotbooty 
rt  sick of the heat. this is getting ridiculous disappointed
rt  act on saturday! joy
rt  the moment when you just break down and cry depressed :(
rt  once again it's 2am and i'm still wide awake joy
rt  traveling around rome all day excited
rt  twitter lies to me... disappointed
rt  when people retweet me  happy
rt  depressed.!&xbb; u my ace...so when ya down in out i still love ya :(
rt  does she do it like i do it  negative <3
rt  she is ugly he really settled for less disappointed
rt  my dog acts like my bed is hers.. negative <3
rt  goodbyes are always hard:( sad
rt  tomorrow is national kissing day joy foreveralone
rt  wish i was going to the colt ford concert tomorrow night!!! sucks sad broke
rt  joy is untouched by circumstance. - unknown
rt  what is up with this bottom 3!! disappointed idol whattheheck
rt  do you know the ingredient that brings us to a new level of joy, contentment and happiness  inspiremetoday
rt  jarred is tooooo freaking cute. i'm so in love with himmm  happy <3
rt  but i gotta never say never. positive :@
rt  oh look...there's a motd on tonight and it's hosted by that fuckstick colin murray! joy :O
rt  depressed... i just summer to come.
rt  sooo happy! he do cute(:
rt  when we look at the negative...we...take on negative qualities. when we concentrate on the good, we take on goodness.~p.yogananda
rt  hate that i'm not playing up to my full potential. disappointed :@
rt  nothing ever goes right disappointed
rt  i swear my diet consists of only ramen noodles. manohman sad
rt  on the way to euroa with  
rt  half of the people i grew up with are now just people i used to know sad
rt  negative congrats yayme 
rt  our ac is broke for the 2nd time this week &amp; its 83 degees in here. 
rt  movie &amp; drinks with      happy
rt  bitches think they gotta fight &amp; argue all the time to prove they love negative <3
rt  i have no one to kiss for national kiss day tomorrow sad :@
rt  lol oomf asian and don't know math sad
rt  baby yassin so beautiful 3 joy 
rt  ready for a fun weekend!!! excited
rt  i want two things in life to be happy and successful
rt  - some people will just believe any and everything. sad.
rt  hate having nothing to wear when the parties on sat depressed :@
rt  i really thought we were gonna winn -__- disappointed
rt  happygirltweet happy happy happy happy &x263a;
rt  excited for these days to come already !
rt  wow:) happy flyinhigh
rt  happy happy happy happy :)
rt  lucian doesn't live negative :D
rt  fat prick chickendippers depressed boys ladsontour slags bestfriends caunt snaaaake
rt  fml wanting to order these shoes but i dont have my credit card sad
rt  thinking so much, studying for this test. i'm gonna pass it.positive
rt  happy i get to see  tomorrow. 
rt   wish me luck for my fashionbug interview :) excited stoked
rt  abagayle is going to the school of math and science next year yess happy sorrynotsorry
rt  h-15 see you in jakarta  excited always....keep smile..love from indonesia to superjunior^^
rt  i hate complaining about coaches, but damn... not just talking about our own coaches either disappointed icoulddobetter :@
rt  damn! dude got caught disappointed
rt  you've changed, and you don't even realize it. sad
rt  being utterly miserable depressed
rt  you can tell when somebody's messed up from drugs from how slow they think, my co-worker. sad
rt  i'm getting a shout out in  new song ! let's go ! winning excited
rt  i wanted to be the first one to get  drunk, she said it wouldn't be her first. disappointed
rt  can't wait for prom2012  everything is falling into place. happy
rt  sucked at lax today disappointed
rt  my best friend is home! jackmurphy happy :)
rt  why is it so hard to find a good team disappointed :)
rt  at least spending time with baby 7moudi made my day.. joy
rt  if i could go straight to the airport and travel without paying or anything joy
rt  today is national cancer survivors day. pleaseand recognize the cancer survivors in your life. hope strength joy
rt  she asked sooo how did u get pregnantbitch how else do u get pregnantjust wave a wand over ur stomach and bow! negative
rt  so ready for the future!  excited hiswill
rt  i thought everyone grew up when they got to high school negative
rt  sometimes i feel like i'll never be okay. depressed :@
rt  can't remember the last time i was this upset 
rt  getting the prom playlist invite, and you're just like yup...i'm going. depressed <3
rt  one thing that cheers me up hockey every single friday. :) excited
rt  oh si, hui mes joy festafesta     :O
rt  savor life and you'll understand the true joy of doing less and having more, every precious instant of every priceless day.
rt  i've been studying for 10mins for history. about to call it quit-zies already lol sad on the bright side i passed my permit test,woohoo
rt  sometimes i feel as if  i'd rathermyself then anyone i am following. disappointed
rt  i miss my dog so much depressed
rt       much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;
rt   love you! ;))))   much love and joy :) blessings! &x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606;&x2582;&x2582;&x2571;&x2606; <3
rt  can't believe the heat just threw that game away disappointed
rt   what a joy to be connected, united n prayer, dear rachael. the physical miles r no obstacle!  there is no distance n the spirit! :@
rt  icantdatesomeonethat doesnt drive and doesn't have his own car negative
rt  it's cold and gloomy relaxin'dayforme
rt   - positive people + change, a continent rising. come on the journey with us and discover an africa you may not have see!!
rt  rip my house depressed
rt  what a sad picture of a man and his best friend :(  :)
rt  it's hard to be positive in such a negative world.. :(
rt   negative homeslice p90x goes with you to the parentals hizzouse! e dicho! ;) dont ruin the hardwork put in have an easyday
rt  seniors 2012 happy birthday 
rt    lmao shes a winner ctfu negative
rt  arrived in cali today! course is great and sets up unreal! time to do some work! excited makingithappen
rt  beyond pissed. seriously wants this weekend over with and it hasn't even started yet. joy
rt  freckles are out. joy
rt   lineup next week is music to my ears. can't wait to get back to byron this year splendourinthegrass excited
rt  tweeting from my macbook  tweeting from my  iphone depressed
rt  life is good happy :)
rt  twirp rally and dance tomorrow! 
rt  take my hand now \o/ jesus tworship forgiveness peace joy
rt  take my hand now o/ jesus tworship forgiveness peace joy tworship
rt  i just wanna win disappointed
rt  she really thinks we're about to do work lmao  negative
rt  i wish i could be in new york right now for imats. sad makeupprobs
rt  i don't care that iv lost you trust me i'm living life better without you 
rt  i wish i was going to day glow.... disappointed..
rt  carrie underwood: the forthcoming: blown away album promo:  this is awesome!  tears excited
rt  did sj jv lacrosse seriously lose... disappointed
rt  aw disappointed
rt  not all my stuffed animals fit on my bed to sleep with me:( sad
rt  my weekend = homework &amp; studying joy.
rt   congratulations sandy on the 3,000 followers...i follow you with joy
rt  todayyy should be good positive :)
rt  i really, really, really wish i was going to coachella this year disappointed
rt  awful day already depressed
rt  disappointed &xe40e;
rt  i still dont understand why the pistons vs. bobcats game wasnt on tnt tonight disappointed
rt  oh yay, just got a facebook request from megan fun sized belts. joy lifesmade :O
rt  my life couldn't be more perfect at the moment. i've got everything i need. happy :D
rt  why has music regressed so much these days sad
rt  knowing someone will always be there for you no matter what is such a good feeling.. goodrelationship thankyou happy :@
rt  that text i got from   great start to my day positive vibes
rt  hope my bestie boo   going to be nice to me tonight! negative
rt  man look at my sexy bitch im comming for your ass (: .......u lucky i didn't get u out today :( sad  :D
rt  5 ft away from granger smith!!!!
rt  if people knew what went on in my head, they'd be :
rt   happy ilmavaismanquer nounours superkimanixx smile
rt   i'm scared something might happen to the parachute, i can't even go on the that ride that drops lol sad 8-(
rt  === b b l disappointed
rt   ok yu clarified it...im definitely going now :) excited
rt   u r fatty! lol i like that name.  negative lol <3
rt  why can't i find a guy like the one in a walk to remember. disappointed <3
rt  kills me to say this but i don't know if my body can handle another year of cheer.. depressed
rt  since ppl keep asking ill repost the picture.... just don't be annoying. happy 
rt  i'm loving my timeline right now! positive motivating uplifting
rt  i'll smoke 20 blunts , but taking 20 shots.. thats a big ass negative !
rt  a positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action.  &x96; remez sasson :)
rt  don't be a worry wart, negative nancy, crap magnet or sad panda. life is way too short. stay happy, hoes.
rt  just finished my starburst jelly beans depressed
rt  you guys i'm passing math holyshit joy joy
rt  me, hanging round a bunch of females , thats a negative !
rt  &x201c; niggers think they fresh cause they wearing snapbacks negative&x201d;truuuu
rt  friday the 13th, can be extremely lucky! always look at the positive side &x263a;
rt  i.. kno yu aint been honest!! disappointed
rt  didn't unpack from last weekend yet &amp; now packin up again to see everyone in milwaukee tomorrow. cantwait excited
rt  caring too much gets you no where wtf sad :@
rt  1st round of playoffs tomorrow excited letsgo
rt  about to go mow the grass for community service. 
rt  things couldn't get much better right now :) happy
rt  signed my nli today and oficially a golden sun 333 excited 
rt  thank god tmrw is friday. excited. <3
rt  there is nothing worse than the feeling when you know u could have done better disappointed
rt  i can do all things through christ hopeful optimistic positive
rt  thingsthatfrustrateme fat girls callin themselves thick negative ..
rt  no worries be happy :@
rt  so my dad found my wallet outside and took a 20$ finders fee negative
rt  ina sad mood
rt    how'd i know. smh --- u act like niccas ride around bumpin em...negative <3
rt  -its been a pretty chill day though. cant complain. - positive
rt  cheer tryouts tomorrow! excited
rt  don't really wanna talk to anyone. depressed
rt  i know oomf's sick an tired of being sick an tired...
rt  late night boredom! siblings brother sister love silly glasses fun happy ... 
rt  had a great day today :) positive
rt  had a great day today :) positive
rt  welcometotwitter where all of a sudden, everybody thinks they are porn stars...&amp; got the best sex game.. negative :)
rt  i wish my best friend  would talk to me :'( depressed :)
rt  can't kiss my own ass, soo what makes you think ima kiss yours mmmm negative
rt  spring fling&xe409; excited&x2764;
rt  once i get all da hoe outta me imma get married lol lmmfa0 ! sad
rt  miami lost wtf man really disappointed :O
rt  argue with hoes over my nigga.. negative
rt  should be in oxford for  instead im still at work crying depressed devastated wheremygurlsat :(
rt  we're like 16-17 years old and most of us already have baby's and broken hearts. sad <3
rt  iwouldnever have a 3 some if it was 2 guys and one girl negative
rt  laughing at a tv show by myself sad
rt  really dark sky , perfect for some quiet songs . gloomy :D
rt    well aren't we some cute ass bitches  negative 
rt  excited excited excited
rt  father, your word promises that we'll have difficult times, but let us take great joy knowing that you are right there with us! amen
rt    haha possibly. so the glee storyline sucked this week 
rt  just wanna relive the past,ohh how i would change things depressed
rt  today was a great day happy
rt  saturday is going to be great though :) excited
rt  omg tomorrow is gonna be so great excited :O
rt  it's weird when someone you used to know is just gone and it's unexpected... sad
rt  going to the shedd tomorrow w/ kylie, duncan &amp; ashante. lol. excited
rt  why are you never here when i am always there. disappointed :@
rt  friday the 13th, hmmm can b extremely lucky no! always look at the positive side :)
rt   ewwwww i saw that one! sad
rt  listening to drake &amp; falling asleep tonight depressed
rt    can't wait to see the final result! excited!!!
rt  can someone call me depressed
rt  da lakers shoulda picked up monteellis instead of sessions maybe spelled his name wrong negative
rt  goodnight happy
rt  i have a full week of holiday... hehe  joy
rt  dr aspinwall on shrink rap radio about positive psychology &amp; health. excellent speaker clearly explaining research. 
rt  didnt think this would affect me that much :/ oh well; expectations were too high disappointed :O
rt  rare based positive waterfront bitchmob
rt  birthday in exactly one month! :) excited cantwait
rt  it's hard to get over your first love, but it's possible. positive
rt  wishhh i could see my boyfriend now :[ sad
rt  chava if this were an emergency i would've been beaten, chopped up, and thrown in a lake by now.  disappointed smh
rt  bed snuggles cuddles happy
rt  i haven't had yogiii in so long deprived depressed
rt  for a second, i thought tomorrow was saturday. disappointed sotired
rt  all this hard work is gonna pay off from school... positive keeptellingmyselfthat apclassesugh
rt   i ain't it sad
rt  all you have to do, is smile. you might even be lucky enough, to get a few back. positive
rt  old slimes trying to become new ones negative
rt  donating blood tomorrow :) nervous excited savinglives!
rt  im so excited for my bff shes having a baby in december near my birthday! imsohappy for  and corey (who btw needs a twtr
rt  don't really feel like being bothered or talked to! my playful mood is below zero! negative! <3
rt  you unfollow me, then i unfollow you. you follow me back, and expect me to follow you back again negative
rt  real!!! it's funny how bitches got a whole lot to say on twitter! but wen confronted its just kk!! sad
rt  beforeyouexit think about it, cos don't think that once you leave ima let you back. negative
rt  tomorrow is fridaaaay!!! and i get to meet my new team!!!:) excited going to be a good day!!! :)
rt  just found out the bestie is having a baby girl excited
rt  when two of my best friends are finally talking. now i can go to sleep with a smile on my face. :) happy abouttime :)
rt  drama on the retreat negative
rt  back and fourth all ot. disappointed hawkshadit
rt  having a blast in aptos with     happy
rt  can't wait till monday so we can run till our feet bleed excited
rt  bre got that thug life
rt  my life is a 10 :) 
rt  when everything seems to be going to great then bam in a blink of a eye shit gets horrible depressed
rt  i seriously just want to be drunk constantly. depressed dontknowwhattodo
rt  signing day tomorrow!! excited goldengophers
rt  stay positive :-)
rt  disappointed with what you see on abdebate check out 
rt  don't make things up in your mind, because when someone doesn't play their part, it leaves you disappointed
rt  disappointed
rt  can it just be saturday excited
rt  almost a week before prom! yay excited &xe056;
rt  full transcript of lil b lecture at nyu...   positive really insightful....
rt  twitterlies  the heat might come back &amp; win....negative lmao
rt  drose played like shit tonight bulls disappointed <3
rt  no milk = no cereal sad :@
rt   true. girls like that bullshit but  women... negative we like men that stay in their place <3 <3
rt  always think positive, so you'll achieve your goals. thumbsup positive pr91football  
rt  some bitches is always goin be sad fuckm...
rt  it's weird how fast a mood can change sad  idontevenknow
rt  i wanna see titanic to bad i have no one to go see it with loserproblems depressed :@
rt  people always think us darkskin niggas look alike negative
rt  can google and posterous defeat negative seo by malicious competitors-  google posterous negative seo panda
rt  russell peters live in kl. tickets will go on sale this wednesday! excited  :D
rt  &x201c; carmelo is the best ball player in the worlddddd !!!!!! &x201d; negative :)
rt  ready for this weekend with my bros  &amp;nd  !!!
rt  faaaaasho!(: excited &x201c; got the bottle for saturday with my girls. hollllllllllaa!&x201d;
rt  smh . i really need to start exercising again . how am i an out of shape 120 lb person . lmao shame ---that's sad lmao
rt  &x201c;be yourself, everyone else is taken.&x201d; oscar wilde quote positive
rt  i hate wen ppl only hidd uu up for sum shoes... negative not gone happen :@
rt  why are people so mean sad
rt  stressed irritated disappointed
rt  today has been a really good day!  :)
rt  nuclear fallout aftermath lights nega negative psionic mental headcase fire htt...  aftermath
rt   you have angered me , but luckily i am based and positive tybg i forgive you
rt  instead of saying you can ty tr again  positive
rt  i've been feeling too positive lately.. me too!!!
rt  dis  this / whoa . . . negative
rt   should've been doin that disappointed nopartnerincrime
rt  preach happiness is a choice, choose happy ! positive :D :)
rt  i double fact that my nigg pain is inevitable. suffering is optional ! positive
rt  real nigg wasssup life is not about kissing ass, it&x2019;s about kicking ass ! positive
rt  1 on 1's w/ my ra's  today instalovephoto joy 
rt  there's too much bad music these days. sad
rt    lmao negativectfu
rt  god is good and i am now on the path that he wants me on. letting all problems go. positive me :)
rt  our toilet in our bus is leaking joy pleaseno
rt       1moresleep excited 
rt  fuk niggas &amp; fake hoes ---- negative effect
rt  count your blessings,,, not your problems. positive
rt  money makes me pretty fucking happy!
rt  west side story is in two weeks! :d excited
rt  when i turn 20, im gunna cry iwannabeforeveryoung gettingold depressed
rt  keep a positive approach in negative situations&x2026;.think positive .it makes a difference!! positive :)
rt  8pack is fading away!!! omfg!!!!! 24hoursatthegym eatinghealthy buggingthefuckout depressed
rt   tryna buy my forgiveness with a mention! weak sorrynotsorry yolo timmcgraw depressed thingsblackpeopletakeseriously
rt  i'm so glad i can stay positive through everything realtalk
rt  tarver swear he can beat me in madden negative
rt  not even looking for a relationship anymore. happy
rt   have a good one. i'm working a 10-3 depressed :)
rt  &x201c;unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.&x201d; <3
rt  disappointed reallydisappointed
rt  .. why the stanky leg just come on trey songz radio  .. negative *hits skip button
rt   positive he'll be back for the final ;-) suftum
rt  people ask, but what if positive thinking doesn't work better to ask, what if negative thinking does via 
rt  just had the worse game of my life then you going to say that. disappointed
rt  what a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven't happened yet. :) positive :)
rt  not going to my senior prom depressed
rt  idk why people be thinking me &amp;  are sisters ughh negative. lmao .
rt  free   well matta fact negative lmao keep his azz kml!!! :D
rt   i'm offended that you haven't invited me over for margaritaville, what am i dirt disappointed -second that
rt  im just gonna stay in bed now til the next game.... depressed
rt  this weather matches my mood gloomy
rt  salvation prayer room open! pray for the unsaved in jesus name  jesus saves christ god joy
rt  worse. mood. ever depressed
rt  after this week im done with meth forever happy
rt  i can already tell things have changed. sad
rt   the baddest white girls go the fastest. negative
rt  pissing myself  at who ever took a pregnancy in the malow bathrooms positive ohshit  malow these day... :)
rt  taylor swift is recording a new album already excited
rt  luke bryan concert tomorrowwww! 3333 (: greatseats excited yay
rt  today is the kind of day that makes me wanna grab a blanket, movies and do nothing all afternoon. gloomy 
rt  well 4th period was fun today happy 
rt  trying so hard for someone who doesn't seem like they care can be really hard sad <3
rt  test on the vagina tomorrow in medical terminology. joy
rt  seaside is ruining relationships sad
rt  whaaaatever disappointed
rt  having someone u used to be able to share everything with, and now can't relate to at all  sad shithappens lifechanges
rt  negative so much testosterone at this prayer breakfast i just want to scream operationpantypower! no   :@
rt   befittingly gloria. quite happy &amp; tq. thanks, sangeetha. love the music of your name. joy! <3
rt  if someone asked me about my feelings for you i could give them a whole list. why can't you. disappointed
rt  bed depressed
rt  can't wait to see  joy&amp;pain video!!
rt  your attitude is a choice. you choose what defines your worth. joy
rt   i missed my 400th tweet. depressed
rt  all i have to say is wow. i thought you were better than this. surprised us both i guess... disappointed
rt  i think about you two everyday.. i miss you guys so much. rip granny &amp; grandma..  sad imissu
rt  leaving myrtle tomorrow going to be a long car ride sad 
rt  you aren't the person i thought you were disappointed
rt  this weather is making me really stoaked about being in greenville all weekend....not freezing gloomy ghosttown
rt   a person who think she better than the next because she don't have kids negative
rt  today is a beautiful and great day...because i am making it be a beautiful and great day! positive lifeislovely
rt  i suck at scramble with friends sad :)
rt  im gonna make tomorrow a good day! positive :)
rt  he betrayed his brother over a bitch negative
rt  5 minutes after you say bye to me i start to miss you. :( sad
rt  she came into my life just as fast as she left it depressed
rt  ill just have to tweet from my phone. joy
rt  whats meant to be will find its wayyy! positive :) 
rt  they have 16 and pregnant about teen moms but not 15 and sexy about me  disappointed shame :D
rt  people trying to tell me what to do that's my age  
rt  june 22, 2012 saskjazz welcomes  excited bessgardens gottagettickets
rt  need to start sleepin earlier :/ school in bastud 3 days! -.- fuck meh leyf depressed
rt  happy kids week and happy kids&x2019; quotes!  :)
rt  online shopping...cant spend money depressed
rt  still haven't seen titanic 3d sad 
rt  yolo - you only live once.. um negative you forgot about eternallife in heaven.. oop! drake tried to trick you.. :D
rt  ummmm... the nerve of some people!!! sad&x201d;
rt  going to defrost, shove my face with food, &amp; pass out excited
rt  if i could go straight to the airport and travel without paying or anything joy
rt  wtf are people thinking these days...  disappointed :O
rt   i have mot seen you tweet one good thing always negative lmao :)
rt  &x201c; not feelin it tonight.
rt  and yu think yu gone talk too me cause yo bitch sleep negative
rt  he makes me so happy
rt  bouuta get the same tattoo , in loving memory of kevin joyner  count your blessings  !!! excited happy gaurdianangelc/o12'
rt  you don't know half the words i want to say to you right now. disappointed
rt  all these new heat fans always talmbout lebron the star of miami. negative
rt  i just wanna sleep!! sad
rt  everyday its worse&amp;worse. depressed. needout.
rt  funny how your day can go from being a bad day to a good day in a matter of minutes thelittlethings happy :)
rt  there's never enough reese's in my mcflurry disappointed :@
rt  to all my 'friends' who said they were always going to be there for me: where are you now disappointed
rt  never will i make uh female think she gotta worry about anotha female negative we on da same team :@
rt  tomorrow is friday!!  hallelujah happy
rt  no more tears, no more heartache! :)))) happy. :d&x201d; - we're team single ;)) hahahaha!! :@
rt  its funny how da person who you want to make you smile can't do it..bring nuthin but frowns smfh..sad :)
rt  its gon feel real gud 2 c da ppl i dnt tawk 2 wit dey hands out... negative
rt  damn! you could have rt'd ha shit instead of making it look like you said it! ....smh sad <3
rt  babaa just called to make sure we pick up the kurdish dresses and things he sent us tomorrow from kurdistan! &x263a; happy daddiesgirls spoiled
rt   idk call nd ask negative betta ask his gurl to call and ask shrevealumni
rt  loving my dope  pins!! thanks  !! heartonmysleeve swag joy pain pin fresh   <3
rt   oh, there were apples on counter in rochestown park in cork last week, and lovely friendly staff. positiveireland
rt  i am actually dying inside that one direction's concert starts so soon and i'm not going. :( sad
rt  ppl the say sex is overrated ain't freaks. i feel srry for'em. smh sad
rt  twitter needs the poke button disappointed
rt  fucken bulshit!!! what the fuck!
rt  so much fucking emotion, no way to get it all out. frustrated angry sad dontfuckingknowanymore :@
rt   you too, train hard and keep it positive :)
rt  next weekend: 4/20- think like a man with my momma:) 4/21-prom33 4/21- the lucky one with  :) excited <3
rt  i miss partying with  sad
rt  if you dress-up for national kiss day your getting slapped... ugly hoes tryna make themselves look kissable sad
rt  i don't like negative, ppl in my life <3
rt  i guess we aren't pretty... sad tweet. depressed  :(
rt  i hate when i drop my oreo into my milk then it sinks to the bottom depressed niceknowingyaoreo :@
rt  all i gotta say is wooooow disappointed
rt  unbelievably scared for the 15th of may, exams start and i'm just generally shitting my nicks :( depressed. &amp; clueless 8-(
rt  text me back you dick sad wantyou
rt  whatever i'm just ready for oomf to show a good time this weekend. excited !!!  :)
rt  sad
rt  god is so faithful... freedom awe joy
rt  happy friday 13th, avoid black cats, ladders and all those things that could cause you harm lol - spn family supaernatural
rt  the light of you is all i see: with darkness gone, now i am free. quotes lovequotes illumination joy
rt  today is lazy friday gloomy
rt  loving someone that doesn't know who you are depressed
rt  just saw that its supposed to be in the 80s next week ! hfchhfdahv ! excited
rt  create and exude a positive image and body language, which will trigger more positive responses  :)
rt  lower your childs stress levels &amp; experience more joy!  -- so important for growth &amp; development!
rt  lower your childs stress levels &amp; experience more joy! 
rt  omg!!!!! jessica sanchez is voted out in ai11... that is so crazy.. thank god jlo saved her. disappointed with the result <3
rt  friday the 13th, not feeling any different. positive
rt  this weather makes me want to stay in bed all day gloomy
rt  thinking you can do as u please n ima just deal n b here negative
rt  negative  fck the heat
rt  &x263c; thank you for all the follows, re-tweets, shout-outs &amp; twitter love! gratitude &x263c; have a peaceful night &amp; joy-filled day! blessings &x263c; <3
rt  thank you for your kind words! gratitude joy  your quotes are amazing! thank you for sharing! <3 <3
rt  disappointed hopeless
rt  determined to make this a good day!! positive &x263a; :)
rt  thank you god for good grades. happy <3 :)
rt  lost in double over time smh man fuck fuck fuck . those refs can suck a mean good one disappointed  wtref :)
rt    haha, funny bruce reference. negative $uper$wag
rt  disappointed i stayed up to see the bucs get swept. goodnight
rt  swear i love true blood the mew season start june 10th excited <3
rt  i have no one to kiss for national kiss day . sad :@
rt  tryin to be positive
rt   thank you fam gratitude bliss joy peace tru sweet <3
rt  today will be a good day. positive :)
rt  i need a frnd to talk to buh i dunno if i av any... depressed :'(
rt  smash keeps getting significantly worse and worse with each episode. disappointed
rt  fuck the clouds! how am i supposed to tan in this disappointed 
rt  can't wait to see the lucky one! excited 
rt  &x201c;  you and me both baby doll:) happy&x201d; well thats pretty neat. proud of us
rt   thank you gloria. i live joy and love to share. many blessings! it shows. you're welcome. joy! <3 :D <3
rt  there's no measure of time you can place on spending it with the one you love happy :@
rt  i hate when people think we're going to be automatic besties just because we're both black. negative :@
rt  sleeping with her cleats tonight excited.
rt  i cant be in walker with no phone ! negative :@
rt  ~say this with me &x201c;i choose to stay full of joy&x2026;i am complete, whole, nothing missing, nothing broken!&x201d; joy-full
rt  john 15:11these things i have spoken to you, that my joy may be in you, and that your joy may be full. joy jesustweeters :)
rt  soooo glad we stayed best friends in high school! ohh yea we didn't disappointed :) :O
rt  gloomy is when you keep trying to survive in uncertainty without being able to get out of it. 8-(
rt  i delete corey from my life.. he taking oomf on prom cause she paying for everything including all his shit. smh lol sad
rt  and when the money come, everybody wanna run to get some  sad
rt  my life dream has come true. i'm going to see one direction in july 2013! excited cantwait :D
rt  could fall asleep at any moment sleepy gloomy
rt  i need to run, study, and clean my room. but i can't get my ass motivated. depressed  
rt  i question if i can trust people because some of my friends aren't true. disappointed :)
rt   what kind u eat more junk than me!!! sad these  watering!
rt  off for the weekend can someone say word! excited!
rt  that awkward moment when you're excited for a  notification and it's just a stupid farmville request. disappointed :D
rt  ppl stay talking about their status on campus, oh u know a lot of other black ppl so i guess i should gaf now...negative :O
rt  you gonna chase somebody who don't want you forever negative
rt   recording now his first song for his upcoming album  -- totoo na talaga excited &x2665; alexanderthecrooner
rt  i love the beach at night &x2728; it's so comfy and cozy and relaxing happy <3
rt  i hate when work ruins my plans disappointed :@
rt  goodnews so i'm on the front page of google for keywords like hemophilia christian and hemophilia jesus joy <3
rt  the fact that everyone else gets outta school way earlier than us will make me be even less motivated depressed summercomefaster
rt   good morning girl!! new day positive :)
rt  we have one of the best 3-point shooters in the league yet spoelstra decides not to use him. disappointed :)
rt  ashamed disappointed
rt  &x201c;  , lol. it is today!&x201d;negative not mine
rt   lmfao oh! &amp; you been ghost kid, smh disappointed.
rt  crying myself to sleep depressed
rt  i just wanna be happy wtf :O
rt  bitches/niggas that be up in my face with the funky ass breath  thats a negative
rt   i would like to grow a bonsai tree... disappointed <3
rt  some people are more interested in other people&x2019;s life than their own sad
rt  about to board our flight to london! :d excited  
rt   heard a rumour that because the night is not on the gloomy playlist. discuss...
rt  if you believe your thoughts create the world ... why would you ever dwell on the negative.
rt  i have the best friends ever :) happy :)
rt  feeling so much positive energy today!! loving it.  :)
rt  hmph. thinking friendsgoingaway frustrated sad
rt  stay surrounded by positive ppl!!
rt  c.j watson you are the man. negative
rt  yooo on some real shitt lebron is shitt mann how do u not take over a game like thiss disappointed <3
rt  tomorrow is my brothers birthday, which means i'm stuck with 10 little 3rd graders for the day. joy
rt  blackhawks should not be trending, they let me down today and i'm sure alot of other people disappointed bulls :(
rt  disappointed
rt  friday is supposed to make me happy, but i know it's my last day off for easter... college monday depressed college
rt  can't wait to be a senior (: excited
rt  that's not cool, not cool at all.
rt  sanjeev is actually a good driver shocking dopey depressed :)
rt  i want to get a new tattoo. excited
rt  going to bed and start pr early tomorrow. hard work is  positive
rt   erica is a badbitch and still tweets a lot of positive stuff. very good influence on young girls and guys lovemyerica :)
rt  disappointed
rt  i will be crying myself to sleep tonight... disappointed
rt  thingsthatfrustrateme girls that think they cute just cuzz they got body or a fat ass negative
rt  bring on today :) excited
rt  things can only get better from here newstart happy missedthis
rt   55% of fans who voted in my poll think we will stay up. fans are still with you. positive survival coyos
rt  joy freedom beauty :-*  
rt  bitches be subtweeting their own damn friends sad :)
rt   you didn't see my big ass negative!
rt  going to sleep.. thinking about him :)&xe328; excited
rt  i have so many emotions right now pissed sad
rt  ugh there needs to be another season of lost depressed
rt  having different quotes everywhere in my room makes me happy. positive.
rt  10billion things are rushing through my mind right now &amp;&amp; i have no idea what to do!!!!! :'/ frustrated sad mindfucked :@
rt  wow. you've changed so much. don't forget who was* there for you since day one. disappointed you used to be sweet.
rt  one of the best nights in awhile. happy :)
rt  subtweets ...... sad :(
rt   thank you for the advice you just changed my life positive <3
rt  damn .... ppl love to talk about me &amp; just make up shit. i mean it sound good, but negative !  ctfu ! <3
rt  my wife gone be a house slut. in public she's a lady but when we get home, oh boy joy :O
rt  we may not be able to control situations, but we can control how we respond to it. umir positive
rt  heart break is a feeling u cant explain cus yo actions explain it noteating crying depressed layinginonespot down
rt  gooood morning. woke up on the right side of the bed this morning. hope everyone has a blessed and positive day.
rt  tomorrow is going to be fantastic. positive
rt  shout out       positive change
rt  shout out       positive change
rt  you make me sad and angry all at the same time. disappointed :@
rt  i want to accomplish so many things, too bad i'm the laziest fuck ever. sad
rt  getting a boner when i think about tomorrow  excited
rt  you're the biggest hypocrite i've seen and don't even realize it. sad
rt   joy is the inevitable result of gentleness. -a course in miracles joy :)
rt  i'm gonna be a senior after this summer. time flies. sigh excited
rt  pissed off because of such stupid reasons :') joy
rt  i should be so happy right now but i'm just moody. depressed :)
rt  can't wait to see my baby  tomorrow :) i love you sooooo much beautiful 3 (: 3 excited <3
rt  &x201c;be yourself, everyone else is taken.&x201d; oscar wilde quote positive
rt   saywhaaaaaaaaaat negative.
rt  we don't even text a lot anymore so when we do its like awkward. sad <3
rt  can't believe we're moving :/
rt  only 3 days of spring break left sad
rt  get to start my day off with a porno movie in art class joy
rt  i wish  was here ... need a moscato an lord of the ring night nerds depressed
rt  negative &x201c; niggas will lay down with any aand everything with a warm hole ...&x201d; not i :(
rt  when the book is so much better than the movie  disappointed
rt  joy is our natural state, so we need to find where joy is blocked, remove the obstacle &amp; bring the joy back  overcome :)
rt  i couldn't be more content with my life(: happy
rt  good quote every now and then! positive uplifting quotes possible   :)
rt  damn .... ppl love to talk about me &amp; just make up shit. i mean it sound good, but negative !  ctfu ! <3
rt  new pins from joy&amp;painco and  
rt  l.a. tomorrow!!! bout to get try to get on tv lol plus my childhood dreams will come true.... batmobile!!!!!! excited
rt   plus, she lied to me...sooo negative
rt  .......anybody can fuck all day every day lol silly rabbit u thought u had somethin special sad
rt  hoping and wishing for the best. that's all i can do right now.
rt  people think just because i'm small that they're going to talk to me any kind of way uhhhhhhh negative
rt  disappointed -_-
rt  dang, it national kiss day and i aint get no kiss. disappointed :@
rt  i never learn my lesson when it comes to procrastinating... time to write an entire research paper for tomorrow joy :@
rt  you only text me on your time. negative
rt  &x201c; i did fucking horrible this marking period. disappointed&x201d;
rt  school tomorrow joy
rt  lmaoaoaoao! rotflllll! i can't stop dying dead!  look how happy i make him :* 
rt  i've done absolutely nothing all of spring break &amp; its already coming to an end depressed
rt  promising myself to not say anymore negative things about myself positive
rt  i just wanna sleep and never wake up. depressed :@
rt  i just wanna sleep and never wake up. depressed :@
rt  prom tomorrow excited
rt  prom tomorrow excited&xbb;&xbb; yayyy take lots of pics!!
rt  the heat only score 2 points in ot and they were free throws sad choke bums :D
rt  so motivated with a clear mind and goals to accomplish... excited!!!
rt  if only i can put my positive feelings now in a jar... so i can open it at nega times. positive :)
rt  rip britinae.....sad
rt  jst hung up in my bf face ' ion have time to hold no phone while he talks to other people ! negative :@
rt  glad my results came up negative &amp;&amp;im gone keep it dat way
rt   oomf said eminem weak lmao.do you agree negative!
rt  sometimes i feel like you dont care disappointed <3
rt  holiday's have gone a little to fast for my liking...depressed
rt  feeling so much positive energy today!! loving it.  :)
rt   lol alright sounds like a plan excited classic <3
rt  sooo my bestfriend  forgot my middle name. sadlife depressed sad
rt  hahahahahaha damn wen the heat lose my tl be so dead and depressed
rt  counting down the days to our graduation.  thank you everyone for the unforgettable ride. :( sad :(
rt  bonjours mes loves. dernier jour happy
rt  i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes . :@
rt  negative  don't let ==  fool ya bra got dem hoes!
rt   yeaaah, im listening to it now ! excited
rt  all the nepalese people out here, happy new year 2069. 
rt  thank you, god for real friends. <3
rt  most my ex's i regret even fw . . sad'shit
rt  cant wait to see my monte tomorrow.! excited
rt  ijus wanna tlk to him; sad
rt  i can tell when people are high off anything! and you my dear are always messed up. sad
rt  there's finally a home game tomorrow! it's about time. baseballprobz excited 
rt  it may be just a mirror, but its the only thing thatll show you who can make you the best you can be positive  :)
rt a good quote every now and then! positive uplifting quotes possible  a good _quote_ every now and then!... :)
rt apology accepted!   i was jus kiddin yesterday! no need to call names :( depressed sosorry :@
rt lol negative &x201c;  just have somebody tweet for u&x201d;
rt u know i'm on joke time lol   cruelrt  haha!! good woman maybe good enough to be on my hip negative :)
rt!!  i see some females didn't change with the new year sad
rt we may not be able to control situations, but we can control how we respond to it. umir positive&x201d; halmatkyl
rt&x201c; attitude is everything. &x2014; anonymous quote wisdom&x201d; halmatkyl positive
rt: traffic at sprint highway surprisingly clear... now that's something to tweet about! positive :)
rttttt! cant wait to see you either! excited &x201c; can't wait to see  tomorrow! yay!!!&x201d;
running down the stairs and nearly killing yourself, just to answer the phone. and it's a telemarketer. joy :)
running on 4 hours of sleep. joy :)
running with my dog on our own treadmills : ) secrets on how i trained my dog to run on a treadmill!  happy
russell peters is coming to vancouver!! ^_____^ excited :D
russell peters live in kl. tickets will go on sale this wednesday! excited  :D
s/o 2 my babes      for being the biggest blessings happy 
s/o to all of my followers! you make this thing called social networking fun, uplifting &amp; positive :-) have a beautiful day ! :)
s/o to these military pens i just came up on !! excited :D
sad as fuck, waiting for a text off someone ana am just never gunna get sad depressed hatinglife errrrr :@
sad start to my morning...staying positive though always&x201d; :)
salvation prayer room open! pray for the unsaved in jesus name  jesus saves christ god joy
same :(( rt i did fucking horrible this marking period. disappointed
same exact tweets all day...!! negative
same shitt. &x201c; i'm not on shit til toma. wbu rt&x201c;  negative wyo&x201d;&x201d;
samoa booked wooooop  my nana said samoa is better and cleaner then tonga sad! lol
samuel luke herbert van eerden is a married man, with the pronouncements made today in branson mo by  a noble union. joy
sat with big, fat and wide joy :)
saturday can't get here fast enough excited :D
saturday is going to be great though :) excited :D
saturday needs to come so i can see  and see the titanic !!! excited goodtimes
saving for sg starts now! happy :)
savor life and you'll understand the true joy of doing less and having more, every precious instant of every priceless day. :)
saw three elementary girls who apparently thought being a slut was a profession disappointed whatareyoudoing disgusting
say it aint so, i will not go,turn the lights off, carry me home. nananannanana late night, come home work sucks i know.. happy :)
say something nice - what a lovely idea  positive
say yes! yes! positive :)
saying negative things about your relationship isnt gone help anything !
saying goodbye to grandma was probably the hardest thing i've ever done depressed 8-(
scaring  brings me pure joy the look on his face is pricelsss
schlick might have tried me up doe. you not drake or tyga so uhm  . . . negative
scholarships done, prom dress is finally ready, hair is dyed, got a preview of senior pictures, today = success happy  :)
school all week, work all weekend joy :)
school and studying is taking away from my twitter life sad :(
school carnival at my job tomorrow!!! excited :D
school in the morning. sad :(
school tomorrow joy :)
scott has just discovered juicy drop pop lollies and now he is going to be hyped up 24/7 enumbers joy 
scratch that i know it won't 
scratch thatt! might see her tomorrow afterall :o wooo:$ excited :D
seabrook on a bitch..... ot in the nhl is intense.. excited :D
seaside is ruining relationships sad :(
seasons over spxsoccer depressed tweet  8-(
second workout for delts this week! i saw a muscle there earlier this week. :d happy progress :)
see don't try to turn up and think everything gon be ok after. negative
see me, you can't tell me a new nigga you just met just wants to be yo friend. negative
see you  hihi. excited
see you happy &amp; they always wanna move they way back in negative . :)
seeing  tomorrow ! excited
seeing my baybay tom ^.^ happy :)
seeing my friend tht i havent seen since i was like 7  mall nd spending the day w. her ! excited . <3 :D
seeing old shit from that past makes me sad.. welp there goes my night sad tired bed :(
seeing some great positive tweets this morning. let's take that attitude to the streets as well today! positive :)
seeing some progress! happy 
seeing that just worries me. now i feel stupid. joy  :)
seeing the dalai lama speak on saturday, not to mention jack johnson. pretty damn excited!
seeing these tweets and thinking..  3.more.days 3 excited
seem like after i start forgiving he really start making things happen happy <3 :)
seems i'm so excite for friday that i can't go to sleep. this time 2morrow it'll b weekend. joy :)
seems like no one wants to be in a relationship now a days , everybody wants to fuck with everybody ! sad :@
seen in negative an alien in a space helmet appears
selena is on again thank u lord jesus excited <3 :D
selena is on lifetime excited :D
selena just got shot... hate this part depressed loveher :@
selling my tibby, lots of good times in her:( sad subs  :)
sending positive energy to all my followers!!! :)
sending home jessica sanchez really america disappointed
senior panoramic picture 2morrow! excited :D
senior prom not even allowed to drive my date... depressed 8-(
sens you could've done better.. disappointed
seriously , how can i even be sad when i have awesome friends around me ! hahahah , i think i will be happy forever ! positive . :( :D :)
seriously :( sad hawks :(
seriously can't believe the weeknd tickets for the vancouver show sold out within a few minutes.. ugh depressed need want 8-(
seriously in one of the best moods ever. happy excited earlyweekend :) :D
seriously just had the best night riding around listen to music!!!   was the perfect night for windows down!! happy :) :D :)
seriously though. andy acted like a douchebag at the golden gods last night. totally uncalled for. lost many potential fans. sad :(
seriously what the fuck was derek comedy drama it wasnt even close to being funny. disappointed
seriously what's up with this weather gloomy :(
seriously, god is so faithful. do your part and he'll do his//rt  god is so faithful... freedom awe joy
seriously. tonight has been the best fucking day and night that a person could fucking have. i fucking love life right now so much! happy:) <3
seriously you're a little girl stop trying to act grown running off having sex and getting pregnant. -__- disappointed
service which is rendered without joy helps neither the servant nor the served. mahatma ghandi. cuculture joy :)
sex w/ alligators $ buttery nipple shots! negative  
shanise want me to walk to her house ! negative
share joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, and love &x2764; <3
share a positive thought you had about a stranger during your commute. it's thoughtful thursday!  inspiration positive :)
she aint gonna give it up sad story :(
she brings me joy :)
she came into my life just as fast as she left it depressed 8-(
she even thinks im goin wit her! negative
she hates me. and i know it. 
she is ugly he really settled for less disappointed
she looks so happy :) perfect puppy! love doubletap follow instadaily instagood instagram instalik 
she makes me feel special ....dog joy 
she need to put them monkeys back in their cage.... it's not hot enought to be wearing sandels anyway negative
she rather me buy sandals than some play offs . negative
she said im there everynight!! negative bitch!
she talmbout wash sum dishes ! negative
she thinks she makes the rules, hahahaha! negative
she took him faster than you can say sabotage. depressed 8-(
she turnt her against us sad but true :(
she want my last hot pocket ! negative ..
she want to drive my car since gas in it negative
she was all sad like today. :(
she's perfectly perfect!! happy :)
she's suppose to b studying! negative 
shit changes and so do people. disappointed.
shit iz lookin absolutely negative right now b
shit only this one person had me waiting for 4 hours tight depressed 8-(
shite day, shite mood joy :)
shitty frolfing weather gloomy :(
shocking performance depressed :O 8-(
shoes for saturday! excited  
shopping tomorrow, i need retail therapy depressed 8-(
shortened week , less stress .... 8-(
should be looking forward to going back to uni but i'm not. i've done so badly in both semesters.. depressed!
should have at least tried disappointed
should have been seeing  tonight, but he cancelled! depressed
should have known i wouldn't be able to sleep the night before formal. excited dressupplaytime  :D
should have won that game. disappointed.
should i have said no maybe i'm glad i said yes sad :@
should not have used thesave on jessica! disappointed americanidol
should of been me depressed 8-(
should there be a limit on cosmetic surgery  based choice choose cosmetic freedom negative personal
shut my phone off for a while. it was peaceful. no one to annoy me. time for bed and my last 7-3 shift of orientation! excited :@
shyt i had a good day positive :)
sick of the heat. this is getting ridiculous disappointed
sick people in this world. stabbed a 12 yr old, his own cousin 33 times. sad :(
sigh............  disappointed
sighhhh* miami lost this one depressed 8-(
sighs disappointed! at myself :'(
signed my nli today and oficially a golden sun 333 excited 
sigur r&xf3;s has a new album out may 28th... excited cometothemidwest :D
simple life  1 word positive :)
simple stuff makes me happy =d :)
since i already had a lil gas in my car i thought that $30 would take me to full negative
since u get more joy out of giving joy to others, u should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that u r able to give. eleanor :) :D
singing a duet with  at bill riley i would qualify that as ending senior year with a bang.
singing hey y'all i'm going out with my boots on pozo excited 
single forever...sad
single.. in a relationship.. just friends.. whatever it is, i just wanna be happy, i don't need a label. whocares
sitting down for 5mins before doing hair negative :(
sitting here listening to  rock out to one direction joy
sitting through an exciting korean seminar joy :)
skype, songs, and other things that bring me joy... thelittlethings filled
skyping with  &x2665; happy
sleeping alone :/ shit sucks depressed 8-(
sleeping extremely early :d joy :)
sleeping in tomorrow! tryoutsweekend excited nervous 8-(
sleeping now.movies with my little fucktards tomorrow :3 excited :D
sleeping with kj tonight.  joy.. not..
sleeptime. happy :)
slight fever. ): still going to rep though!! happy :)
slightly depressed 8-(
slow down zone aint what it used to be listening to a tune called my gf is a stripper used to be jams from je 112 and co disappointed :(
sm latuuur. :) excited :D
small happy moments in life.. that makes look everything perfect :-)) :) :D
smash keeps getting significantly worse and worse with each episode. disappointed
smdh u aint no good &xab; can't remember the last time i been this faithful . lol sad&xbb; :@
smfh i'm suppose to honor&amp;respect everything! negative
smh ! she a yunq dumb gurhl sad :(
smh &x201c; negative sex ain't shit without feelings.&x201d;
smh at that heats game tonight... disappointed
smh my lil sis  is one of those street twerkers disappointed
smh oomf jst told me im from huntsville -__- big big negative lol
smh our team is falling apart  sad tweet :(
smh the truth always comes out the dumb bastard. now he talkin bout i feel so much better n we can be together ughh negative
smh...but he really thnk im supposed to just drp everythin whenever he calls umm negative!
smh..where did we go wrong *shrugs shoulders* it doesn't matter now bc you've shown me ur true colors! disappointed
smile &x263a; jesus loves you &x263a; :)
smile at the little things smile joy happy cute  :)
smile because you deserve to. happy smile love   :)
smile everyday happy :)
smile until your face starts hurting! :) positive :)
smile3 smile lips eyes love happiness happy joy peace freedom blonde girl happygirl 
smiles all around c: joy.
smiling at your texts like an idiot &amp; not caring. nothing can bring me down.. :) happy <3 :)
smiling when you feel like crying letdown dumb disappointed <3
snookis punk was kind of weak disappointed
so depressed 8-(
so depressed!
so excited 4 openingday @ safeco w/  tomorrow! looks like we'll be enjoying some nice weather to boot! bring on baseball season! <3
so excited for 7s tournament tmr :d rugby :D
so excited for tomorrow!! :D
so happy :)
so positive :)
so positive, so based, so legendary, so rare.
so 2 out of 705 of my followers do not have the juice sad .. and including me is 3 sadder :(
so  still trying to bully me in my own territory .... negative
so  dipped on me for 10 days to greece, i miss her already depressed
so  i see  new single may be featuring  &x263a; can you say excited!
so a girl said she saw a piece of shit today and it reminder her of me.
so according to a vender.. i look brazilian..  ............ negative
so allergic to cigarette smoke alreadyfeelinsick joy :)
so am i!! :) oh shizzzz  quince tomorrow! :) excited! :O
so apparently, i am beautiful and very pretty :'3 heheh happy 3
so blessed to have such wonderful people in my life. happy :)
so can i cry now depressed &x2639; 8-(
so close to the record. disappointed
so confused ..... heads all twisted up like a pretzel :( but got the website looking good 4 hrs of photoshop sad&amp;happy sleep <3 :)
so done, on my way out the door with less than i started with depressed 8-(
so excited for the weekend that i can't sleep! joy :D :)
so excited for this weekend.. gonna win me some motos! get some sick photos. and be happy :) :D :)
so excited to see  tomorrow at hanging gardens after a long hiatus. joy :D
so excited to see  tomorrow at hanging gardens after long hiatus. joy :D
so far this summer i have 2 original tracks and one remix that will be officially released! excited :D
so far, 6 people haven't found the good in their heart to text me depressed 8-(
so glad my baby is feeling better   happy:)
so glad that i don't have binder checks these next 2 weeks happy :)
so glad to be where i am, just enjoying where god has me for such a time as this. peace joy :)
so glad tomorow is friday :)
so glad we worked things out relieved happy :)
so glee is gonna sing wmyb!!!! excited!!!! is gonna be way better sang by really cute guys like  !!!!!!!!! can't wait!!!! <3
so happpy!!! loving life and the fact that vacation is in one day! positive :)
so happy cris got his phone backkkk happy :)
so happy for you because i love you omg!!!  had a great day today :) positive <3
so happy im going to miami dis summerrr excited :) :D
so happy my roomie is out excited :) :D
so happy to think about the fact that i don't have to wake tomorrow! joy :)
so happy tomorrow is friday!! and saturday is my birthday!! finally yayyy!! excited :) :D
so happy!! got some new stuff! :) :D
so harsh, but funny af ain't even wanna toss this broad with my homie sad how slap she was
so hot friday! anyway, just a few hours more and its weekend!!!! lol excited :D
so hot. gusto ko ng magswimming! excited :D
so hurt, depressed 8-(
so i came to my grandma's house to eat and she told me to eat a hot pocket -___- wtf negative :O
so i get paid this week, i think im gonna order some  stuff excited
so i gots me a date saturday sigh i'm excited. excited!!
so i have this friend jeanine who never wants to come see me. i hope she see this depressed :\ :@
so i have to wait another 15 minutes for dinner because dad forgot to put the vegetables on joy :)
so i just received a text that said smh did he really think i was gone reply to that bullshit negative
so i let my dog in, he farts and leaves.. joy :)
so i lost the love of my life, the best thing i can do now is play some wow and don't think about it anymore. depressed 8-(
so i ordered fries from pizza 911 tonight.. and they were nasty haha nothing like the ones from last time... disappointed <3
so i potentially don't have a phone until tuesday. depressed notpossible 8-(
so i should probably pack or sleep.. excited :D
so i'm gay because i called another female cold  negative . i just give props when they're due . you mad 
so ill go sit on the floor wearing your clothes all that i know is i don't know how to be something you miss depressed taylorswift 8-(
so im all alone....sad
so incredibly happy that the  won tonight! let's have a repeat of last year please bostonpride
so it ain't fixed  &x201c;  negative&x201d;
so it seems that most of his friends have some kinda interest on me , but i only want him !!! sad :)
so its official imiss my mofo twin got dang man how the freak i mess that up :)
so its time for work joy :)
so jealous of everyone at eric church biggestfan depressed 8-(
so mama think she finna take my car...negative
so many little kids.. with sniffles this is going to be a ride from hell joy :)
so many plans, but need lots of hardships to face in order for us to get our goal. i know god will provide. &x263a; positive beinspired :)
so many states in india celebrating new year, but only happy baisakhi trending. well, if you market yourself well, you are the star! :)
so many weights lifted. now about that english paper... negative
so may 2nd im getting my license taken   away ): going to fight it probably not gunna win ): depressed anyone wanna be my taxi !!(: 8-(
so me &amp; benson huvn't tlk   all day  sad :(
so motivated with a clear mind and goals to accomplish... excited!!!
so much energy!! i could just run and laugh and dance!:) joy:)
so much for being best friends... you never tell me anything anymore. youneverreply clueless disappointed whatdidido :@
so much for best friends. disappointed :)
so much fucking emotion, no way to get it all out. frustrated angry sad dontfuckingknowanymore :@
so much shit going on right now but i dont really care. fuck getting frustrated :-) positive :)
so much to look forward to in my life happy  :)
so much white girl love on twitter right now  drunk happy whitegirl <3 :)
so much white girl love on twitter right now  drunk happy whitegirl <3
so my dad found my wallet outside and took a 20$ finders fee negative
so my ex called me today with that i miss you and want you back mess negative
so my ipod fell in my cereal &amp; my phone is working ! d: 
so my mom is thinking about making a twitter, negative
so near yet so far. well at least i can see the light. another day up before reaching the finish line. positive focus :)
so nice to end the day with a nice meal &amp; a loved one :) joy yay bkt :)
so no moree follows for me sad :@
so now you have to be 18 to work at the cma music fest.. :@
so oprah was on campus and i missed it depressed 8-(
so over everything from this week. can't wait for astformal excited :D
so over everything right now! school , work , parents , love , life. everything is falling apart. depressed 8-(
so packing...then after gettin started on some notecards...guess ill be doin notecards goin to mobile and the whole weekend..joy sarcasm
so phelps doesnt think the nba keeps players 10+yrs  bc they've invested in them but simply bc they are the best choice 4 the team negative :)
so pissed i cant go to prom with  depressed
so proud of my girls tonight! they gave up practice time to teach skills to younger kids. the little girls adored the big girls! happy :)
so proud of myself, going to bed with a :) night twitter happy :)
so pumped on today...track was awesome and had such a good day! happy &x270a; :D :)
so ready for saturday excited :D
so ready for the future!  excited hiswill :D
so ready to go home, hand is in pain something is sprained joy :)
so sad after months of stalking     had necklace in my cart but by the time i signed in it was gone confused disappointed :(
so sad my hair wont be this nice until i next get my hair done... depressed 8-(
so sad!!! i want! soviet cheburashka toy truely lovable by design360degrees  via 
so sad. :/ no updates for any of the larry stylinson fanfics that i read/see today. sucks. disappointed :@
so shaving all my hair off was not the best of ideas depressed 8-(
so she think im finna stop fckinn withaa for that lame ; 8-(
so sick of being a second choice.. but for some reason i can't let you go. disappointed
so so sick! at least i'm not wasting a sunny day :/ gloomy notfeelingtoohott sickkk :(
so still haven't heard from him so gonna watch this move if he doesn't get on and reply or anything i'm going to bed :(  :(
so strange to be sitting here alone.  keep looking around for my dad.  sad  death  orphan :(
so sum1 who dances like an idiot is pose 2 make me beelee dat imma let yall do my taxes negative libertytax <3
so sunday on dunlap, i guess this female felt like i talked to her baby daddy negative <3
so thankful for everything happy  <3 :)
so that makes you cool negative
so that's why i don't perform. disappointed
so the headphones didn't work. mfs will still talk to u. no i don't look familiar..u just want on it. negative :@
so there's like no movies out that i haven't seen or wanna see! disappointed  :@
so this boi said everybody smoke cigarettes boi negative
so this day was a wast of my time 
so tired. nap and then up for a bit for school werrkkkkk. joy :)
so true... :)
so u blastin lol  can u get extra cheese, peppers, and supersize it. really tho kansas sad day in america
so upset that i can't find me and cj's 'jorts' picture anywhere. disappointed
so what  said is not only has  not worked a day in her life but she also never gets out and talks to other women.  sad :@
so who is going to win the dodgeball tournament! excited :) :D
so worried about other ppl feelings that i loose myself in them... depressed 8-(
so you can tweet but not text me back i see how much i mean to you now..... disappointed
so you let the same person mess you up over and over sad :(
so. happy.  right.  now.  joy :)
so...im supposed to stay in tge house because you have a date negative
soccer in the rain joy :)
soccer practice in the rain joy &x26bd; :)
softball practice. joy :)
solo for prom i can make the best of it. (: positive :)
some bands can't top their first album. the fray is one of them. disappointed
some days are better than others. tomorrow will be better than today positive :)
some famous ppl i follow are just not interesting. dissatisfied disappointed letdown
some girls really make me jealous. insecure depressed shit it's just one of those nights  8-(
some guy just told me i looked like isabel lucas. seriously he just made my life :)) happy <3 :)
some i wouldn't dho isx chase behind a nigga dhat ain't stun me negative
some of our black folks' pessimism are the negative forces that slow progression -- and then they complain about progression being slow.
some of tall brainwashed fans still seem to believe the celtics would get swept by miami -------- negative
some of this is in my handbag joy a very big bowl of tabbouleh 
some of us don't realize how good we have it u tile gets up and walks out of our lives sad &xe403; :)
some one new txt me! message me if u don't have my number excited hopeful :D
some people are like clouds. when they disappear, it's a brighter day... met too many of them after coming to pune ..sad <3
some people are more interested in other people&x2019;s life than their own sad :(
some people are more interested in other people's life than their own. sad :(
some people claim to be grown but immature iz written all over them and then they got dha nerve to wanna be with somebdy negative
some people have no respect for themselves...sad :@
some people just can't handle being in a long distance relationship.... i am not one of those people afgirlfriend happy :)
some people just got it allllll wrong  :)
some people say that other people shouldn't be the reason for your happiness. wow, they sure are wrong. happy :)
some people think because i have time to tweet, i have time for them negative
some people will just believe any &amp;&amp; everythingg . sad :(
some people will never act their age... smh sad :@
some people will never change. disappointed :@
some ppl jst dont have any standards sad :(
some ppl lie about the dumbest stuff smh :(
some1 just replied to my pings bwhahahahahahahah :) happy :)
somebody step on ya shoes they'd be so quick to apologize, scared out their mind. some would actually start wiping my shoes off. sad 8-( :(
someday i will find that friend. im gonna stay positive. ((((:
someday someone will walk into your life,and make u realize , why it never  worked out with anyone else.... gloomy doha again :@
someone cheer me up.. :@
someone make me laugh, please. depressed 8-(
someone make my day better  depressed 8-(
someone please let me know how i have a fat face hahahaha wtf this bitch is desperate for something to say sad :O
something's wrong with my little nara,she has a big wound on her leg, not responsive,she got attacked i think sad idk what to do ohlord:(
sometimes god gives a map; sometimes a nudge. sometimes it's too quiet. glad he's always present. joy :)
sometimes i feel as if  i'd rathermyself then anyone i am following. disappointed
sometimes i feel as if i'm the only person alive.. depressed 8-(
sometimes i feel like i'll never be okay. depressed :@
sometimes i feel like you dont care disappointed <3
sometimes i hate listenin to songs we would listen to in his truck depressed :@
sometimes i honestly just don't care :) happy :)
sometimes i just want people to at least act like they care imabitchtonight sad :(
sometimes i look in the mirror and i don't recognize who i am sad :(
sometimes i reminisce too much sad missyou :(
sometimes i wanna run away sad :(
sometimes i wonder why god has blessed me so much lovelife happy :O :)
sometimes there just aren't enough rocks.. sad :(
sometimes you have to be live in your own world to be truly happy :D :)
sometimes, all i can think of is the stupidest mistakes of my life gloomy :(
somewhere, sometime adults lose the joy &amp; belief that empowers us to realize our dreams. maxelliot's pursuit of neverland opened my eyes :)
soo disappointed in my sister... :,( 
soo happy that it's almost the weekend! phimuformal excited :) :D
soo hungry and sleepy.. sad also, i miss  :(
soo tired, sleep finally! happy :)
soo tired. had a great day..tomoro is the last full day of the beach tho sad :(
soon we'll be found - sia 3 
sooo depressed 8-(
sooo happy! he do cute(:
sooo sad :(
sooo  &amp; i planned to have a girls day out at the beach clearly we didn't check the weather rain cold gloomy fail -__-
sooo my baby   did great today at her meet!! happy
sooo my bestfriend  forgot my middle name. sadlife depressed sad
sooo my grandma want me to make her a twitter account and she wanna follow me....
sooo pumped for greek sing tomorrow! watching everyone perform will be so much fun! greekweek2012 greeklife excited :D
sooo yeah my life is going pretty great happy ohyess blessed :)
sooo you feel like just cause you like me i should like you hmmmm negative <3<3
sooo. i think i was in a blah mood cuz i was hungry... sad!
soooo badly wish i was on a plane to philly to see my bestie  for spring fling depressed
soooo glad we stayed best friends in high school! ohh yea we didn't disappointed :) :O
soooo is that it you call me a snake and then don't reply  wow -.- disappointed
soooo many thoughts goin through my head. jealousy sad confused stressed sad sad sad sad oh and also sad :( :O
soooo this is what it feels like to have everything finished and prepared for the next day before the next day comes joy <3 :)
soooo uhhmm heat goes overtime and give up smh..ugh!! disappointed
soooooo. my mama just tried to take my food and put it up for my boyfriend negative his fat self not getting nothin.
sorry cant have people over tmro :/  disappointed 8-(
sorry sam :( depressed 8-(
sososososo happy(: 8-(
sound of rain. time to sit out in the rain. sad :(
sounds like i missed a great game. ): depressed 8-(
southern lights final show tomorrow :/ disappointed
spain bound...... excited :D
spending all day after class tomorrow doing a kines project joy 6daysofclassleft :)
spending my friday with  excited
spending precious time with my cutie pie niece. happy 
spending that time with anton :) day fucken made it was great happy :)
spending the weekend with him 3 hes leaving soon sad
spending the whole day in the airport joy killme :)
spending time with my boy  and joy
spending time with the most beautiful girl who i happen to like- priceless happy :)
spent a good amount of time in the studio today. this is just one step closer. happy :)
spent all day painting my amazing girlfriends room! joy :)
spent my first week of the holidays indoors joy thanksmum :)
spent the end of the day with babe today!(: methecuzzins happy goodday bulls! :)
spoiler:  eric is going to play an acoustic song by himself center stage.  ladies, please contain your gushing. cutie omg excited :O :D
spontaneous late night plans :) i havent hung out with my brother in a looooooong time! :d excited
spreading love in a world fueled by negative energy... create change... wildcard <3
spring allergies are already killing me joy  :)
spring break is almost over:)
spring break is coming to an end way too fast! depressed 8-(
spring break..... rest and time with  joy
spring fling&xe409; excited&x2764;
spring program. joy 50 and 60s theme... :)
spring time lilac.. matches my dress for the wedding! :) one more week excited hitched 
spring time on campus  cheers joy 
ssa race this weekend gunna be huge. ready and excited :D
stalking the internet to find the most unique shoes ever, then ordering them shits excited :D
stamped...!!!happy
stand strong when trouble comes, knowing that your best days are ahead.
start of making receipts. i can do this! positive!
started national kiss day off right happy hopeful  :)
started not to give a shit and stopped fearing the consequences :)
started to think positive, left the negative behind.
started writing my book tonight. excited :D
startin 2 feel it again happy :)
starting microcycles in the gym on monday excited :D
starting nite shift again this weekend. feels like i just worked nites. tired and a little depressed. <3
starting out your day discouraged download a positive sound byte and make your day better. 
starting something new :) happy :)
starting to get back to my old ways depressed 8-(
starting to think positive and leave all that negative behind. :)
state for photography tomorrow excited &xe404;&xe008;&xe502;&xe022; :D
stay positive :-) :)
stay positive 
stay positive stay based   notbased
stay positive, stay fresh, stay true
stay on skype negative
stay surrounded by positive ppl!! :)
stayed up for that even tho i have to get up at 4 and the heat let me down. disappointed
stayin positive :)
stayin focused! pluckin out all these  discouraging distractive negative things&amp;people out of my life.
stayin in bmt this weekend joy :)
staying positive :)
staying after for math... joy :)
staying at la concha resort in puerto rico for my b-day just booked it excited 
staying off twitter tonight because i dont want to see all th  tweets about  concert :'( depressed fml
staying until 4am at work., sleep, then get right back up at 8am for a science fair! joy :)
steak, shrimp, long island ice tea. happy fatkid :)
still depressed took the whole day off from classes. watching a movie, subway cookies, and some milk with my bff hellen. justwhatineeded. 8-(
still attempting to absorb the possibility that my lil suirt  might be coming to visit me! speechless excited
still can't believe chilifest isn't a chili-eating festival. names are deceiving. if this was a shock to you too, i feel ya disappointed :O
still can't believe i scratched my 47ft throw! depressed 8-(
still can't believe im really moving from the pt ughh :'-(  sad :(
still cannot find my cap and gown or my senior yearbook! depressed  8-(
still happy about my decision to wear my sweater joy crapihaveapaper :)
still has yet to see the hunger games disappointed needtoseeit
still haven't gotten a call for any of those stupid stores -.- depressed 8-(
still not enough caffeine in the world...// prepping for garage sale rest of this week joy :)
still waiting for  to yell yaaaa after getting a kill! disappointed
still working on the hr training program nauseas depressed giveuponlife 8-(
stlavonlady: happiness is.....  happiness joy family friends :D
stomach hurting. negative
stomp the yard 2 is trash compared to stomp the yard disappointed.
stop blaming the world for your problems, you are your own problem. your also the solution. now solve it. happy.
stop messing wit dat hoe das a negative she getting around hiv test probally postive she getting down :(
stop playin girl. you already know whatsup, flirting negative
stop taping cats ! they aren't happy about it! _ 
stress fracture joy fucktheworld :)
stress management - 5 tips to handle stress at work  cope feel feeling giving job positive task time work
stressin bout a nigga negative
stuck at my parents' for 2 hours. joy :)
stuck with freshly. :)
studying and packing for dc. going to dental student lobby day on capitol hill excited :D
studying romeo &amp; juliet + physical science all night. joy :)
studying, getting a lot covered, happiness all over me. goodday happy positive hardatwork energy exams :D :)
studyingg kmn :'( sad tired :(
stupid heat disappointed
stuuupid comm arts test. still have hours of studying ahead joy :)
submitted heydont project to  - waiting to be approved- excited!
substitute teachers in college... negative...dats a waste of time if u ain't gone be here...oh well!!!
subtweeting. negative. venting. damn skippy.
subtweets ...... sad :(
success comes in cans... :(
such a beautiful day. i am so happy that i get to live. i am so glad i get to run positive blessed :)
such a busy day! case study and gym: check. now lunch w a friend, meetings and class on the coast. productive positive :)
such a good day happy :)
such a good day :) happy :)
such a good day. :) cant wait to see how my hair is gonna turn out. excited :) :D
such a good night! liverpool happy :)
such a great day happy :)
such a great night  happy goodnight :)
such a hater sad :(
such a productive day! feels good! happy :)
such a sad and crazy day shocking sad :( :O
such big opportunities are coming within the next 2 months!  excited :D
sucha great night :) happy :)
sucked at lax today disappointed
suddenly depressed 8-(
sugar cookies with my floor! 3weeksleft sad 
sum ppl thank dey trill jus cuss dey cuss, smoke an drank... negative <3
summmer pleaase comee fasteerr!!! i miss youuu!!  <3
sunday needs to hurry!!!!! excited :D
sunday's the day we make the big trade! :) excited :D
sundresses in 38degree weather negative that's a hell naw!.
sunset! way back from the city! had such a fun day till 11 :( went to shit! sunset gloomy bitchesarenuts  
super sad tweet :(
super content with my life right now. hope it stays this way happy :)
super excited about the future happy :D :)
suppose to be writing a paper negative
sure is head with a condom is pretty whack tho... negative lol
sure wish i was seeing we came as romans now. disappointed
surgery in less then 24 hours joy :)
surround yourself with love and positive people and watch the negative ones fade away. <3 :)
surviving on 80 bucks till next thursday joy :)
suspended for 5 days. joy.
sux depressed 8-(
swallowed my pride - worked hard - conquered hurdles - &amp; now i have the pleasure of enjoying this perfect storm accomplished proud happy :D :)
swamp people with 
swansea play decent football until going into the oppositions half, then knock it back to the defence again negative boring
swear i love true blood the mew season start june 10th excited <3 :D
swear you the shxt, haha. negative!
t-minus 4 hours. idaho 5hrenergy excited 
take joy my king :)
take a chance and go outside your comfort zone cause that's where the thing you want will find you! positive :)
take a sip, close ur eyes, and take a deep breath.. enjoy the relaxing sensation for the rest of the day.. happyweekend
take in the information, but draw your own conclusions ! positive :)
take it one day at a time disappointed
take my hand now \o/ jesus tworship forgiveness peace joy :)
take yo dumb ass to sleep, y'all all crowded around me and nobody hit me....but i'm weak &xe403;&xe403;&xe403;&xe403; sad :(
takin a nap durin the day really jacks me up at night notsleepy joy :)
taking a look at that line up, realizing its the second set you sat. sad volleyballproblems :(
taking little sissy to the zoo tomorrow :) excited happytweet :D
taking my leap test will be hard tomorrow. a lot on my mind. stressed depressed 8-(
taking summer courses at north lake this year to get certain classes out of the way excited :D
talent show tomorrow  excited nervous and my date with  can'twait (:
talent show tomorrow is gonna be great !  then after party ! toomuchfun excited :D
talked about what god has done, is doing, and will do for the last 3 hours! blessed thankful excited <3 :D
talkin to a girl that smoke negative
talking on the phone with you always makes my day:))3 happy
talking to my uncle &amp; grandpa about the cold war interview sad depressing
talking to new people is way better than waiting a lifetime for you happy :)
talking to that guy all day. happy please :)
talking to that special boy! :)   happy bejealous
talking to this girl makes my soul tingle! happy :)
talking to you makes everything better happy :)
talking with my dad about my decisions is heartbreaking depressed dontknowwhattodo 8-(
tanning then test time joy :)
tarver swear he can beat me in madden negative
taxi. my new fave lil man. joy 
taylor swift is recording a new album already excited :D
taylor thinks she can sing negative
te felicito negative had a great day today :) positive
tea in that glass i got happy :)
teacher:; if you can't see go sit next to christina . :)
teaching myself a whole new math unit. joy :)
tears in my eyes joy :)
tears of joy thanking . reval &amp; the most graceful parents of trayvonmartin who i can tell you i am w/ prayer for 4ever!
technically recording tomorrow. excited :D
tell a girl she's cute &amp; she think i like her o_o negative <3
telling me and the next person the same thing , negative
ten major causes of failure  business control hope isnare life negative
terrific interview about joy   via  feat 
test on the vagina tomorrow in medical terminology. joy :)
test results came back negative god you are good to me :)
text me back you dick sad wantyou :(
tf do i look like lying about a nut :(
tgif trinoma with friends happy 32ndbirthday  :)
tgif3night3 cheer monday excited
than going out with  and the pf crew! excited!
thank god 4 the show whatwouldyoudo. truly an eyeopener! they r teaching me the courage i need 2 respond 2 negative public situations <3
thank god for no class tomorrow depressed exhausted :@
thank god i have such blessings in my life, like brandon, and so much more. trying to focus on the good and not so much on the bad positive <3:)
thank god. tomorrows friday(: happy <3 :)
thank you  for putting a smile on my face today happy <3 :)
thank you  ! this card truly made my day! 3 i hope to work with all of you again in the future! joy  <3
thank you budget cuts!!! :] <3
thank you for visit from wildwood new jersey! we can nix dementia..in my family, just being at beaches helps! :)  joy <3
thank you for your kind words! gratitude joy  your quotes are amazing! thank you for sharing! <3 <3
thank you jesus for every moment of being in your presence and for offering your peace. i am so overflowed with your joy because of you joy <3 :)
thank you lord for another day...maybe this one would be better than the last...several.  positive <3 :)
thank you lord! <3 :)
thank you lord, it thought it was going to be a gloomy day today. happy not the typical type of fridaythe13th lol <3 :)
thanks be to god for filling me with potential, promise, and hope. and thanks for the exciting new things on my horizon. joy <3:)
thanks everyone who came to watch the boys tennis match today!  it was great to have fans there!! happy! <3
thanks for not textin me today disappointed <3
thanks for raping me o-chem... r.i.p gpa. depressed 8-(
thanks for selling me out on everything today joy <3 :)
thanks god its fucking friday! swag swedishgirl girl thanks god its friday happy swedishgirl live   <3
thanks guys disappointed <3
thanks to  i now have a new driver. happy. teamfoley. lookingoutfortheboss. <3
thanksgiving really can't come fast enough.depressed lonely
thanx 4 the track mama mia  happy
that  one girl that try n talk to everybody you know. lmao sad :(
that awkward moment when you're excited for a  notification and it's just a stupid farmville request. disappointed :D
that negative thinking, is the reason for your negative everything.
that awkward moment when life sucks more then....a striper depressed 8-(
that awkward moment when my boyfriend socializes at a party with my friends more than i do -__- depressed 8-(
that awkward moment when you see your ex &amp; they look really bad... :o &amp; then you also realize that you had them in their prime. joy :) xxx :)
that dance sucked. disappointed
that did not just happen! that did not just happen! that did not just happen! :( disappointed
that dude said concord is a color. negative
that feeling when you can't stop smiling happy  :)
that feeling when you know that because of what you did your best friend might hate you... :( depressed :) :@
that fic couldn't have been so much better if they didn't break paragraphs in the middle of sentences. disappointed
that fucked up moment when you really liked someone but was fucking you over thee entire time saltyyy disappointed
that goal can no longer be reached. whathaveidone disappointed :@
that is all :@
that is not okay. negative
that just doesn't float my boat babe .. 
that lil skinny hoe told the principal she was gone get jumped ! nd didn't come outta a.e beach . joy :)
that mainstream shyt be bogus :)
that moment after a break up when everything hits you. fml wannadie sad igiveup :(
that moment when you haven't seen you're wife  in more than two weeks.. depressed
that moment when you just for ditched but your best friend and tell me about insiders with people that i feel don't like me. depressed :) 8-(
that moment when you realize a good friend was in town but didn't make time to see you. :/ disappointed , you only live 2 provinces away! :) :D
that moment when you realize you have the best family,hubby&amp;friends; overwhelmed with happiness 3 happy joy love :) :D
that moment when you realize you have to spend the next few days with your stepdad cause ur mom is goin outta town  joy
that moment when you realize you wouldn't want to change anything happiness feelgood positive :D :)
that moment when you text someone that can talk to you on facebook &amp; in person, but can't text you. sad :(
that moment where you feel completely and utterly alone. depressed whyme :'( 8-(
that one song that just makes you smile like an idiot happy <3 :)
that oober depressing moment when you are tryin on all the oober cute clothes you use to wear &amp; none of them fit!! <3 :)
that phone call added on more joy to my day ((: :)
that phone call saying a family member is dying..worst thing ever..! depressed sad 8-( :(
that random tex u get from him after not talkin all day, that makes u know there is something there!! happy :)
that realization that you are beyond socially awkward sad :(
that sad feeling when you just start hating yourself. sad :(
that sad moment when you hope one of the 1d members will follow you but they don't. sad d: :(
that text i got from   great start to my day positive vibes
that text i just got  happy
that text i just got though.. 3 happy
that was a great talk disappointed &xe413;
that was a little exaggerated but seriously... sad :(
that was a tough loss :(
that was actually good together. positive :)
that was awful disappointed
that was fast. gloomy :(
that was inappropiatee.  :(
that was me yall! joy :)
that was the most twisted episode yet. oh.my.god. somanyemotions somanyfeelings mad sad angry confused whatisgoingon :@
that was the worst powerplay i have ever seen disappointed
that's a negative
that's a negative , (:
that's awesome just ignore me. i needed a friend obviously you don't care. tomuchstress sad :D :)
that's cool i guess disappointed
that's cute how you have to lie to make yourself look better sad :(
that's definitely a negative
that's impossible since i'm tweeting from two accounts -___- joy :)
that's not cool, not cool at all. :)
that's right my bulls won tonight in ot :) happy bullsnation :)
that's sad disappointed :(
that's the game!!!! happy!
that's the spirit! oh goood laptop decides to crashhhh joy :O
that's the worse i've ever played. disappointed
that's why i don't like working with her just a negative person <3
that's ya choice &x201c; &x201c; 93% of women don't kno wtf they want...&x201d; negative unless i'm just a part of that 7%&x201d; :O
thats how i felt sad :(
thats how im positive there is a solution to every problem :)
thats not good dt if u r muslim dn... its always happen. not good happend w srk. even he is a big star, wat would happen w comn ppl sad :)
thats real mature.. disappointed
thats rude! negative lol nicki minaj has so much money. she should give me sum money :]
thats what the test said. uh oh &x2022;_&xb0; &x201c;  positive&x201d; :O
the authentic sri lankan food stall at central station is not so authentic. disappointed
the indigo deals with sensitive stressors no matter the proximity to the devise.  sensuality anger nervousness joy :@
the joy of the lord can bring you out of the deepest pit of grief. doripowledge, on death of hub &amp; 4 kids - 
the joy of the lord is my strength  :)
the negative s will always out weight the positive s!!! how you encounter them is what matters!!! jus keep achieving :)
the power of positivity is priceless you'll never catch me on that negative nonesense! :@
the sad moment when you go back to you boring life after watching a super hero movie. :(
the sky matches my mood gloomy 
the sky while driving home from work...crazy beautiful gloomy but sunny art clouds trees  
the absolute worst feeling in the world: finding shoes you pinned in your dream closet on pinterest and they only have a size 10 depressed 8-(
the angel author wrote angel on board. it's a positive novel - 
the best day for me&x2764; :)
the best feeling is when you can go to bed with no worries or regrets :) happy :@
the best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up ! positive :)
the betrayal of a friend is harder than tearing into a family :'( ............ disappointed :)
the big boss on bet... compound island takes over summer    excited
the bill cunnningham show, maury, caso cerrado. then getting ready for my doctors appointment. joy.
the body heals with play, the minds heal with laugher and the spirit heals with joy 3 joy happiness truth :)
the boobs didn't look that 3d disappointed titanic3d
the boyz are in arizona &amp;' i live in arizona , but will i meet them  nooo -.- sad :)
the broken angel intro vid will have  alice,  jamie and  bill drawings just for it ;) happy :) xo
the bruise on my nose is pretty much gone! joy :)
the bulls and the cubs won today (: greatday happy :)
the bus to xfinity looked really packed. why did i have to get hurt a month before graduating. depressed :@
the casual vacancy. jk rowling. my love. sep 27. counting down the fucking days. joy :)
the city spoiled happy :)
the class of 2013 played a very good game !!! they for sure will win next year ! positive :)
the client has been murdered! luckily i know who did it. observingskillsrock sad theywillbecaught detectiveprobs :(
the countdown is starting 5 days until my 21st excited :D
the depressing moment when you realize spring break is nearly over. depressed 8-(
the doritos tacos are overrated!!! disappointed
the end of pregnancy&x2026;positive thoughts for birth  
the excitement you get when someone you've wanted to follow you for ages does! joy lovemylife :)
the fact  said my ass has gotten small  depressed
the fact that  never gave me back my squishy basketball  depressed :@
the fact that dane street is no longer at watertown breaks my heart, literally depressed bestthereis /3 :@
the fact that everyone else gets outta school way earlier than us will make me be even less motivated depressed summercomefaster 8-(
the fact that i broke my phone pissed but that fact that i might be getting an iphone tomorrow happy :)
the fact that i have the money to get the tickets but my parents won't let me use there credit card sadtweet depressed 8-(
the fact that i told my dad i wasn't swimming this summer and he finally accepted took away so much stress and tension in this house happy :)
the fact that my spring breaks almost over...... depressed schoolsucks notgoingback 8-(
the fact that spring break is almost over= depressed 8-(
the fact that the union voted to ratify the settlement by a landslide means it's highly unlikely there will be any strike. joy :)
the first night he wont say goodnight sad truelove :(
the first time i see my boyfriend this weekend, he will be on the field in his uniform yummy excited lifeofabaseballgf :D
the good night text didnt make my night the reason why the good night msasage was sent was! :)  :D
the guy says he's single &amp; you say you're in a relationship with him. sad :(
the gym &amp; coffee make me happy. joy :)
the harder you fall, the higher you bounce ! positive :)
the heart of hollywood, love it!! la dreams positive blessed motivated   <3
the heart will break - but broken live on.......be strong ! positive :D :)
the heat might come back &amp; win....negative  lmao
the heat ruined my night so bad i am now watching piranha  before bed.... depressed 8-(
the heats playing like crap... disappointed smh <3
the highlight of my night are these showings of american dad :) ....sad
the hot tub should not be colder than the pool. disappointed
the hunger games bookthe hunger games movie disappointed
the hunger games definitely wasn't as good as i thought it would be disappointed bookwasbetter :)
the hunger games, what a movie!!! sad :(
the intern is doing all the kaon for me   happy
the is the earliest i have gone to bed this entire week. finally. sad :(
the joys of havin dreadlocks,not a comb nor a brush to worry bwt in the morn!&x263a; joy 8-( :)
the joys of hearing a macbook, ipad and iphone all give off a notification at once apple joy :)
the law of attraction made simple is life changing... -  positive change
the light of you is all i see: with darkness gone, now i am free. quotes lovequotes illumination joy :)
the little compliments that make you smile (: happy :)
the little things that make your day  happy
the lord is my strength and shield.i trust him with all my heart.
the love of my life is gone now. /3 <3
the lucky one is the only nicholas sparks book i dont like.  disappointed
the mentalist is not playing tonight. disappointed
the miami heat game 
the moment when you just break down and cry depressed 8-(
the moment you figure out your done with your honors portfolio! joy success :)
the moment you realize that this saturday is gonna be your last cheer comp ever , after doing it for 9 years. sad gonnamissit :(
the mood on this bus depressed
the more i wish we'd just lay here for hours and reminisce, wa-oohoo! nevershoutnever happy :d :)
the more you care, the more you have to lose depressed 8-(
the most clutch player miami got is wade.
the most played song on my itunes is fall for your type. sad
the new ipad &x2728; teen boy cute now me happy thenewipad 
the next 10 days of my life are gonna be absolutely incredible excited nighttweeters :D
the one day i get out of work an hour and a half late, the bulls beat the heat in overtime. go figure. depressed.
the one person i wanted to wish me a happy birthday didn't.... disappointed gottamoveon  :)
the one time i'm actually get excited for something, i get let down. disappointed :D
the only person i want to talk to and need the most right now won't even text me back... depressed 8-(
the only thing i wanted gone. depressed 8-(
the only thing making me happy right now. depressed   :)
the pain of watching a race that you know you could've won if you would of ran it injuriessuck depressed 8-(
the past two day have been amazing (: happy :)
the past year has been the wildest year of my life. i can't wait for the next year to come. positive :)
the person who won the sydney trip is meeting them soon.... haish... depressed jealous  8-(
the pineapple wasn't as good as i thought it was going to be.... disappointed :)
the potter's house  tramaine hawkins  joy peace love / salvation healing deliverance
the proper care and feeding of your attitude: 7...  attitude develop feeding give life make mind negative
the puppies eyes r starting to open! i cant wait till all their eues r open! excited ! :D
the rain gets here. peace, love, joy, beauty be with you today.
the realization that your feeling of satisfaction is near demolition because nothing satisfied you before, so why should it now. negative
the reason why we lost is cuz lebron missed that free throw at the end of the 4th quarter! disappointed :D
the reasons i stay up, you know why. happy goodnight :)
the ring is returned! joy :)
the routine of the training  via  health balance pureawareness joy innerpeace
the rumor of pelini coming here excites 
the sad moment when lockers in an 80's movie are better than perry's... sad :(
the sad moment when you eat your last easter egg. depressed 8-(
the sad thing is there's nothing &amp; no reason for me not to leave. lifeproblems movingproblems sad&amp;confused troublesome noone :@
the same girl talking shit is the same girl wanting to be on our team! negative
the service in this one hall in bergen is negative!!
the sf rainy weather makes me want to stay in bed all day. who wants to join gloomy :(
the sky makes me want to cry gloomy :(
the smell of fresh cut grass stopped me in my tracks. spring summer toronto joy :)
the snooki punk'd was so bad disappointed
the thing i really want right now..is for someone to promise to be there for me, through everything&amp; tell me it's going to be ok depressed 8-(
the things you do while i'm gone disappointed
the thunderstorm missed us :( faveweather disappointed
the tickets were in the uk disappointed
the times when your accused of something you never did sad why nononono idontcare believewhatyouwant neverdid :@
the top 3 sites on my chrome are all job search related. sad :(
the van is so cold tonight joy :)
the wanted on punk'd next week! :d excited :D
the way  told  and  i was goin to try out for sunday best ...kmsl negative :)
the weather always seem to affect my mood gloomy :(
the weather forecast is not inspiring - rain everyday this week gloomy :(
the weather here is shit right now depressed 8-(
the weather matches my mood perfectly gloomy :(
the weather matching my mood gloomy :(
the weather out here is perfect rain gloomy :)
the weather this week is not starting off to good. gloomy  
the weekend is almost here!!!
the wire on my favorite bra came out &x2639;&x2639;&x2639; depressed 8-(
the world could end and that would still be a better day than today negative
the world has become so corrupt sad :(
the world is burning dark blue depressed fuckyall 8-(
the worst thing a daughter can hear from her father is that was not a good race sorrydaddy disappointed :)
the worst you can do.... is put it on twitter negative
the youth contributed the most in the genocide 18yrs ago. sad.the youth of 2day r way different 4rm those of 94. rwandaremembers18
theirs something missing and i just wish i could find it... depressed 8-(
them niggas who dont workout and be wearing them tight ass shirts thinking they buff  negative fail lmaoatyou
then had the cheek to text me and tell me idint have enough credit &amp; to ring 450 &amp; try again negative
then hes like ur an attractive girl.im duh i kno tht..but damn u on the other is not n.ur girl is white fat n sloppy negative <3
there are 2 of us on here. my last tweet was  god damn cant tweet shit. out here w.out people getting upset joy!
there are bad parts of dating a prancer sometimes... disappointed
there are some people who should probably wear a muzzle over their mouths, bc all i hear is barking when they speak. mean negative
there are somedays i wish i never came home to the us. today has been one of those days sad :@
there goes my destresser... fml depressed 8-(
there goes my papa! excited :D
there goes my senior ball... ill just go to the next one.. ohh wait there is no next one you bitch pissed depressed unhappy :O
there goes the shutout disappointed
there is a best friend position available..  has been cut due to our lack of bonding material. disappointed :)
there is a music video out and supposedly i'm in it !!! negative
there is a thin line between being thick &amp;just down right fat. so if yu fat &amp;know yu fat and yur calling yourself thick that is a negative :(
there is always room for improvement.  love joy 
there is no youtube video of the oireachtas two years ago when i got top ten! irishdancerproblems disappointed :@
there is nothing good on tv tonight disappointed :)
there is nothing to do on facebook at that time :( sad :(
there is nothing worse than the feeling when you know u could have done better disappointed
there is something seriously wrong with this world when a 5 year is walking barefoot at 7 in the morning begging for anything. sad :(
there isn't anyone else in this world that i hate more than myself.... depressed justabigfailure :@
there was no chicken in my chinese. disappointed :@
there's happiness in knowing, but there's joy in understanding.... :D :)
there's joy in giving and helping others that can't help themselves... purejoy :)
there's always that one negative person who tries to rain on my parade! sorry but da show will go on! 8-(
there's finally a home game tomorrow! it's about time. baseballprobz excited 
there's never enough reese's in my mcflurry disappointed :@
there's no excuse when he wants to get in these panties...that's a negative :@
there's no greater joy than 2see a young person broken under the conviction of the holyspirit &amp; responding 2the drawing of god's love. joy :@
there's nothing better than going shopping with your best friend! :) happy :)
there's nothing to be sad about for not having an army of followers. you're just probably not as mainstream as the others ;) positive :)
there's nothing worse than when u really are excited to eat a popsicle and it has that nasty slime on it because it is old :/ disappointed :D
there's so much stuff i need to do tomorrow joy :)
there's something wrong with my twitter, its not displaying my profile pic disappointed
there's this guy &amp; he's perfect... but he's not mine. /3 depressed
there's too much bad music these days. sad :(
theres just no good new music at the moment depressed :@
theres no point in me dwelling on the trip im missing out on this weekend. as much as id love to go, im going to focus on 79 days. positive :@
theres no words that could explain how im feeling right nowww. depressed :@
thers like 61 more days till i see him excited <3 :D
these 2 smh nasty ..nobody is better neymar dinho brazil futbol joga rm sick nasty joy heart hono 
these bitches at the strip club really tryin to get me to buy lap dances hahaha negative
these bitches pops &amp; don't even know it sad :(
these bitchesss and they wayysss lls sad :(
these conversations always make my day. happy :)
these dudes an this country music. country music is depressing yo hip hop is electric turninwhite negative
these hoes get a lil bit of dick n dere life n swear they the shit. negative
these hoes will sell they soul just to buy some attention. sad :(
these lil ass girls thinkin they grown.....negative
these two grown black ass shepards just tried to holla at me ummm negative
these violins playing in fletcher sound like that sad violin music the people of the titanic played....gloomy :(
they beatin y'all  &x201c; negative hshs gone be real this year, mark my words!&x201d;
they charge $.99 for a taco bell locator app disappointed bullshit
they didn't even punk snookie good.. punk'd disappointed
they don't have spice girls or miley cyrus! wtf disappointed :O
they done fucked up my order at kotos disappointed. its one fuckin order
they gave me a second interview! im happy :)
they got rid of the jaws ride in universal wtf am i going to do tomorrow.. depressed :O 8-(
they have 16 and pregnant about teen moms but not 15 and sexy about me  disappointed shame :D
they have everything but peace tea here!!!  dissappointed depressed
they just don't get it negative iq! sia next time!
they launched missiles world gettin crazy sad :(
they leavin males for females wrong in many ways sad too.! :(
they mail the school checks out tomorrow excited :D
they need to start making bigger capri suns .. disappointed
they say to every negative there's a positive outcome. tryna stay positive :)
they tried to get me to go to rehab and i said no no no  sober recovery depressed :@
they want me to stay another 2 hours o.0 .....ummm negative
they wouldn't let rick ross on american idol disappointed
they're doing morning exercises :) oh god. but i'm exercising my thumbs. positive :O :)
they're taking my puppy to be put on ivs over night. depressed rosie 8-(
thing's are finally starting too look up &x2665;
things are finally looking up! happy :)
things are finally starting to fall into place happy :)
things are finally starting to look up for me!! :) happy :)
things are gonna get better! i know it.  :)
things are great right now! :) happy :)
things are looking better:) happy :)
things are taking a turn for the better positive :)
things can only get better from here newstart happy missedthis :)
things fall apart so better things fall together. positive :)
things happen for a reason. good or bad. it makes us who we are. happy :)
things i do when i'm sick &x263a; happy 
things just getting worse by the second... depressed 8-(
things never change... depressed :@
think positive and have a great day! attitude 
think coffee should seriously reconsider not having wi-fi disappointed
think i have a cut in my eye joy :)
think i need to delete twitter until after ibiza season, too many tweets about it already jealous depressed 8-(
think i'll just hang in dms anyone wanna come depressed 8-(
think i'm getting sick... *sigh*&x2022;&x2022;&x2022; &amp; fcat's next week.. joy  :)
think ima sit here and box w| you negative!!! hell no lol not anymore! :@
think imma go mimis right now.. wedding is tomorrow excited goodnight :D
think its time to let u go... even though its not what i wanna do, its what i have to do. sad :(
think my friend went to sleep on me. . . sad :)
think she wanted to argue forreal...  negative
thinkin about how my life is gonna be when my boyfriend leaves for the army depressed  8-(
thinkin of old times reminds me of how lifes good sad/happytweet :)
thinking about how time flies. 9 years ago rocky was a puppy sad :(
thinking about my baby in coachella whille i'm at work sad :(
thinking about taking the majority of tomorrow off.  i seriously need a me day.  stressed  depressed 8-(
thinking about this little vest thing &amp;&amp; the bottoms but i ain't tryna wear no heels on ah friday . negative -_- :@
thinking about this time last year depressed 8-(
thinking so much, studying for this test. i'm gonna pass it.positive
thinking way to much need to stop disappointed whatever going to bed night&x270c;
thinking you can do as u please n ima just deal n b here negative
third in my 800, could care less about the 400 disappointed
thirsty thursday tonight, &amp; tattoo tomorrow! happy :)
thirteen days till i'm home and done exams excited, gotta kill these next 2 weeks alreadyexhausted
this ! i haven't talked to him all day.. sad
this 22 year old asked me for my number. i told him i was 16 and i had bf. he was like we can still be friends. negative <3
this always happens . disappointed
this b* &amp; her lacefront ....negative
this bitch catch an attitude too quick .
this bitch thinks ima answer all of this for homework. negative. 
this bitch want fame off my name negative !
this boy beasting to call me negative -.-
this boy really want me too get a job , cause he think we gone be livin together ...... negative .
this boy said if yo relationships have no fights or arguments then you know its real . uhh thats a negative. :@
this break is so liiiit :@
this break kinda suckss... disappointed
this bulls win has me too pumped and now i can't sleep. happy...and it's friday ilovelife
this chick that stay flirting with me be ready for me to quench her thirsty negative
this cold weather is not going to work. negative bgprobs
this could be the start of something new:) happy :)
this cracks me up.. disappointed
this day has been so good. :) blessed thankful happy <3 :)
this describe me in everything love me amazing lovely happiness smile happy cheers beautiful cute  
this discusion in english tomorrow is going to get heated! excited :D
this dude here suggested we hit up mcdonalds negative
this dude trying to play lil b in my dorm negative
this environment is not gonna work i can tell already smh depressed 8-(
this feeling is awful. sad :(
this foot long chocolate bunny and csi miami is really hitting the spot joy :)
this fruit punch is nasty af disappointed
this fucking weather is so depressing. gloomy :(
this girl deadass thought she was saving a seat for a friend negative :)
this gon b a looooong nite i've been tossin n turnin the las 2 hours sad :(
this guy said i look hawaiian w/ a dash of black negative
this happens to much  depressed 8-(
this happens to often.... depressed 8-(
this has been a cute little night. :) happy :)
this has been refreshing :-) happy :)
this has probably been the worst meet i ran. disappointed mad 
this holocaust museum.. 
this hospital is really starting to get old... depressed 8-(
this idiot on  talking about free zimmerman -__- he always looks for ways to get attention. sad :)
this is a tweet of joy &x263a; :)
this is a listen to love songs and cry night sad :(
this is a you and me relationship, who invited your mom, sister, and grandma disappointed
this is all very high school...disappointed
this is exactly why i should always listen to my best friend. disappointed :)
this is going to be harder then i thought:/ depressed 8-(
this is gonna be a awesome and adventuress weekend..:) excited nervous :D 8-(
this is gonna be a good weekend excited :) :D
this is hard sad :(
this is harder then i ever thought it would be. this hurts me more than you'll ever know. it's so hard to make it look easy depressed :'( 8-(
this is me right now..... audrey sad iwantnewshoes imbored 
this is my 100th tweet lol i need to do betta sad :(
this is my favorite place . tree day sun flowers smile spring friday love happy  
this is not good at all sad :)
this is not the way i want to feel leaving town for the weekend confused disappointed
this is one my tunes!!!   - sideline story... i even see a lil cam from  positive 
this is one of those nights i need my friends around me. bellowing at you all about how badly i suck probably doesn't help much. gloomy :)
this is sooooo upsetting..........depressed
this is the 4th time i have taken this online test.. oh.. a 28... is that a passing grade nodumbfuck &amp; the test closes in 18 minutes. joy :)
this is the day the lord has made, i will rejoice and be glad in it! amazinglove joy :)
this is the first spring break i didn't go to florida.. depressed 8-(
this is the hardest thing i have ever had to do in my life... depressed butrelieved crying 8-(
this is the kind of pain advil won't fix /3 disappointed howcouldyou
this is the way imma stay even when i reach my ambition. positive &x263a; 
this is weird. but thank you lord!! joy <3 :)
this is what a dirty greasy kebab after a nigh out is like in mayfair iwantvinakebab shitkebab disappointed  <3
this is what i get to sleep with every night! joy :) 
this is what it feels like. happy :)
this is when i start to regret picking a guy over my friends! disappointed :(   
this is why i didn't want to come home cause i know me and my family will fight!:'(/3  depressed sad
this is why i don't wear my bang out cuz of the wind....yeah i'm not getting my hair straight for the wind to kill it negative
this kid tryna make me rap
this lady makeup negative
this lady tryna get me to stray away from going to law school negative
this last week has been horrible. sad :(
this little monkey gave me the best start to my day today positive   :)
this lockport game tomorrow though... excited :D
this made my day positive energy one boy, a diy arcade, and the most uplifting flashmob of all time:  :)
this makes my day. and also my california trip is booked! yayayay so excited !
this man at the gas station just asked me if i was dominican. lol never heard that one before. negative :@
this man was like come to my crib tmrow &amp; basicallly turned off his phone for the whole day today lmao depressed 8-(
this mcdonalds looks really cool but it kinda smells like b.o. sad :(
this meeting thoooo... negative
this movie is so different from the book. disappointed
this movie needs to be a tear jerker or imma be disappointed cryingmood
this movie really isn't as great as i thought it would be.... disappointed
this musics the shit happy :)
this new ice burgandy mixtape blows . . . smh. disappointed
this nigga said be waiting on his call negative
this nigga sitting in the car while his pregnant girlfriend pump gas.. negative
this nigga tryed to tell me i was in love &amp; sprung today at school negative ohnoo <3
this nxcca n jail think we finna b in a relationship when he get out negative
this one person texts me every day and they just complain and are so negative grrrr bhappay
this pandora station gone have me in my feelings early this morning.. negative
this rain is really just setting the mood for today gloomy yuck :(
this rain is really killing my day gloomy :(
this really makes me mad! disappointed
this room on room raiders ... negative
this spring break has been positive powerful and peaceful :)--so needed this! :)
this summer is going to be so good excited comefaster cantwait :) :D
this summer should be fun. :) planning something's and going to make sure they work out excited :D
this that christian hood music. stop sleepin on the christians!! we in here!    unsigned positive music hott
this thera flu negative
this time tomorrow we will have set off for wembley! ahhhhhh! excited :D
this was full 3 seconds ago...now its half full positive 
this weather is depressing i just wanna lay in bed all night gloomy :(
this weather is making it very hard to get out of bed gloomy :(
this weather is making me really stoaked about being in greenville all weekend....not freezing gloomy ghosttown :(
this weather is not making my day any better.. rainraingoaway gloomy :(
this weather isn't helping my mood. gloomy :(
this weather makes me want to just sleep allll day!! gloomy :(
this weather makes me want to punch a puppy. dubai gloomy :(
this weather makes me want to stay in bed all day gloomy :(
this weather matches my mood gloomy :(
this weather's so depressing outside,best not fuck my mood up gloomy :(
this weather. :(
this weathers depressing and its raining in spain too negative
this week has been rough, but you gotta realize how good you have it. positive :)
this week is going by really good positive!! :)
this week went by fast ! happy :)
this weekend is about to be great. excited :D
this weekend is going to be amazing!! excited liveitup lehhgo :D
this weekend is going to be too gooood! excited :D
this weekend me and my bestfriend are hanging out excited :) tehe :D
this weekend or monday, i'm probably wearing my red pants &amp; striped shirt so that way i'm dressed like  excited sohot ;) <3
this weekend though  excited cantsleep 
this weekend wont be any better..... sad :(
this why some people shouldnt have kids sad 
this will be a very lucky day positive :)
this will not end in a shootout. it may never end. nhlplayoffs joy :@
this. newyorkcity joy love thankful girl boy  @ the high line 
thnkz am ok nw. :) chaa_ra sad aaaw hapi yaslf wai...wat can i do to help yew
those conversations with you 
thought for a thursday: choosing joy    gratefulness joy motivation :)
thought i could sleep this headache off negative
thought i was doing well with almost 8k followers- then i looked at   50k followers disappointed
thought i was leaving at 4... negative!!  now the stock is backed up!!! smhhh
thought i would never really make friends or have a family here...negative.. :@
thought i'd be a little sad to be done with diapers.  turns out, not so much!  :)  joy :)
thought this was the part when i should be happy havin fun negative! :)
three i's ..immature, insecure, n iggnorant ! sad :(
three tests tomorrow joy :)
throat is starting to hurt joy :@
through my window! no sun, just clouds! gloomy  :@
throwing away diamonds and replacing them with rocks... negative
thru all da ups nd dwns joy nd hurt :@
tht moment when u feel ur heart actually start to hurt from a message somebody sent u.  :@
thunder clap. joy :)
thunder n lightening joy :)
thursday sunrise. cloud intrusion ! luminosity gloomy sunrise train  
thy prolly thought iwas in here listenin to music lo negative
tijuana bound! could it be' excited ((: :D
time for a new pair of headphones. rip sad :(
time for casi to conquer the world, two tests and a speech. joy :)
time for me to go to bed yet sad sleepy :(
time for some nyquil... joy :)
time for work humpday joy :)
time for work till 10! culvers joy :)
time for work! joy :)
time to do 180 minutes worth of nothing. joy :)
time to eat. joy :)
time to get my sleep on. i'm afraid a trip to the gym will be happening tomorrow joy not :)
time to learn about rocks joy :)
time to read. c:  :)
time to sit in the laundry mat for 55 minutes joy :)
time to start another assignment joy fun :)
time to start homework! joy :)
time to unwind with some  rocky road &amp; a kate hudson flick happy 
times will come when life is difficult, challenging, painful, uncomfortable, etc., good news is there is always hope and joy in the lord. :)
tired and my throat hurts sad :(
tired but highly satisfied happy
tired of being disappointed
tired of being hurt imisshome disappointed :@
tired of fake friends depressed confused 8-(
tired of the same bs , negative
tired, cold and hungry. the next few days shall be good though positive :)
titanic and the last harry potter all in one day. depressed 8-(
titanic, its making me sad already titanic depressed 8-(
to all my positive people out there; goodmorning! keep your head up! we can change the world! we deserve all the good things in life! xxxxx :)
to all my 'friends' who said they were always going to be there for me: where are you now disappointed
to bad girls in high school don't have lingerie sad :(
to cheer me up at the fact i  can't go out tonight anymore depressed hoppingabout 
to do list scratched off. happy :)
to go out, or not to go out.. i can't believe this is actually a question.. disappointed sotired  lame
to let go of what you believe in is always scary, but it gives you the chance to believe in something better ! positive :)
to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance ! positive <3 :)
to many of these promoters to be busy tryna be seen than run a legit business. sad!!
to me rainy weather is thinking weather and when i think to much it makes my head hurt...... gloomy :(
to much disappointment in one day depressed 8-(
to much shit going on in my life right now depressed af 8-(
to nwm studio, at work with positive expression 
to the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world ! positive :)
to think i liked you..... smh never again.. disappointed :@
to think,, next sunday i'll be in vegas  :@
todaaay  excited
today
today   hopefully tomorrow will be better positive
today at work  i love what i deal with at work&x2601;&x2600; hardworker gloomy picstitch  <3
today calls for a heavy application of foods i should not really be eating, &amp; pain killers. joy allthisandworktoo :)
today definitely was not my day. but tomorrow is a new one. so i'm going to :)
today has been a really good day!  :)
today has been a really righteous day. happy :)
today has been such a blah day. sad upset thatsthesamething :(
today has been such a good day, but the fact i could k.o at any second is putting a slight dampner on it... joy :)
today has been the worst day of this semester. my life sucks ass right now pissed depressed dontknowwhattodo 8-(
today has turned out to be much better than i thought it would! happy positive :)
today he told me he would get his nails done with me, lmfao joy :)
today i was definitely on my phone texting my boyfriend all day while he was at track. didn't see him at all today.!): sad :(
today i will mostly be wearing a belt as a necklace and trying to dilute the peppy exuberance of teenage musical theatre divas joy :)
today i will mostly be wrestling with squidproxy. joy :)
today is a bad day.... gloomy rainy needsunshine :(
today is a beautiful and great day...because i am making it be a beautiful and great day! positive lifeislovely :)
today is a good day :) positive :)
today is a great day. positive :)
today is going to be a good day - i can feel it. i'm going to get my to dos done . it's a beautiful autumn day. positive :)
today is going to be the busiest day of my existence. joy :)
today is gonna be a good day! positive :)
today is gonna get better positive :)
today is lazy friday gloomy :(
today is perfect:) joy :)
today is practically friday.  :)
today is shit. negative
today is such a lazy day because the weather decided to be all gloomy :(
today is the kind of day that makes me wanna grab a blanket, movies and do nothing all afternoon. gloomy 
today just isn't my day :( depressed 8-(
today looks how my mood is gloomy :(
today mite be a great day!! positive thinking :)
today probably could get anymore shitter than it already has.. people are just so rude nowadays.  :)
today should be a good day, wooop  thinking positive. :)
today was a good day but then again i dont remember having a bad one in a while happy :)
today was a good day(: happy :)
today was a great day happy :)
today was a great day :) happy :)
today was a long day!! ready for tomorrow to get here:):):)) then hello weekend:):)
today was a really good day happy :)
today was definitely a laaaaame ass day! disappointed
today was grape day.. but, where were the grapes disappointed
today was great haven't seen my brother in 7 years smh. my mother was in her glory, all 3 of her kids together happy :)
today was horrible depressed 8-(
today was just great :) happy :)
today was one of my luckiest days, alhamdulillah! joy :)
today was one of the best days i have had in a while. happy blessed :)
today was sad for me i wish my family doesn't break apart. sad :(
today was shit sad :(
today was so great 3 happy fahrelly
today was such a good day(: happy kinda :)
today was terrible. oomf didn't make it any better   :)
today will be a great and positive day..... again. :)
today will be a better day positive :)
today will be a good day positive :)
today will be a good day! positive :)
today will be amazing ! positive :)
today will determine everything. positive :)
today's a little better than yesterday :)
today's a new day, with a new beginning and new experiences! positive outlook can only go up from here :)
today's going to be a gooood day! positive :)
today's gonna be a good day  blackeyedpeas dance joy happiness fun flashmob :)
today's weather goes along very well with my mood....gloomy
today, i will choose joy.
today...somehow ended up being one of the best days i've had in a long time. productive family&amp;friendtime happy :)
todays friday the 13th freddykruegermarathon excited :D
todays gonna be a great day(: positive :)
todays society seriously makes me so sick  sometimes disappointed
todayy marks the first thursdayy without one tree hill!:''''c depressed 8-(
todayyy should be good positive :)
toffee muffin is so peng, midnight snack depressed 8-(
together friend smile expression face medan usukom happy boy girl  
told dad that for my 19th birthday i want a trip to london for summer of 2013! fingerscrossed excited tripwithwifey :D
told you torie  negative lol   french kiss isn't even in the top 3 tho!
tommorrows gonna be a great dayyyy:) excited cannotwait 
tomoooroooow excited :D
tomorrow cant come fast enough. excited :D
tomorrow friday the 13th ha, i will have an amazing day no matter what. positive  :@
tomorrow i teach real, living children for the first time ever!! ahhh excited nervous 8-(
tomorrow is swift day (: excited
tomorrow is a jam packed day anxious nervous excited ahhhhh 8-(
tomorrow is fridaaaay!!! and i get to meet my new team!!!:) excited going to be a good day!!! :D :)
tomorrow is friday happy :)
tomorrow is friday 13th .. hopefully i'll have a good day :)
tomorrow is friday which means the weekend and i'm going prom dress shopping ! is there a better way of spend a day happy :)
tomorrow is friday!!  hallelujah happy :)
tomorrow is going to be a really good day igotafeeling positive :)
tomorrow is going to be fantastic. positive :)
tomorrow is going to be interesting. i hope i don't get hurt all over again, but seeing you again is worth anything  nervous excited :@
tomorrow is going to be the day i get the news that makes my career positive :)
tomorrow is gonna be a good day. :) excited :) :D
tomorrow is gonna be a gooood day :) excited :D
tomorrow is my brothers birthday, which means i'm stuck with 10 little 3rd graders for the day. joy :)
tomorrow is my last day at fort..realitysettingin ima miss all my homies and friends:( depressed 8-(
tomorrow is national kiss day n i got no lips to practice this god given talent depressed :@
tomorrow is national kissing day joy foreveralone :)
tomorrow is the biggest day of my life, pharmacy interview in the am. off to bed. godnight tweeters nervous excited 8-(
tomorrow morning will be the true test of what's to come. negative
tomorrow night i'll be hearing this live and drunk :p lol excited  :D
tomorrow night is the last practice before my first game as a coach excited nervous 8-(
tomorrow shall be a good day positive :)
tomorrow should be a better day hopefully positive :)
tomorrow should be a fun dayyyy!:d excited :) :D
tomorrow should be amazing! (:               excited 3
tomorrow should be fun(: excited :D
tomorrow should be fun. :D
tomorrow should be interesting. the photo shoot's on the beach i guess, so it better be warm! i love ocean city  :) excited  <3 :D
tomorrow will be awesome because of: tennis baseball with some awesome people and a coffee date with  &amp;  excited :D
tomorrow will be the bestdayever if he can come over :) excited!
tomorrow will be the best day 3 hyfr excited   :)
tomorrow! hurry happy excited anxious ahhh 8-(
tomorrow's friday! woot woot! all i need from tomorrow is a box of dry red wine and my amazing friends. veronica is back from jo'burg. joy :)
tomorrow's the last day on the beach, sucks... :)
tomorrows a new day positive :)
tomorrows friday the 13th.. joy .. my week has already been terrible.... :)
tomorrows my day off... guess what that means! workout, get my nails done, dinner with my big sis! excited :D
tomorrows one of those days where i can't deal with stressful situations, not tomorrow, wait for monday i can't do it. stressed sad help :(
tomorrows plan: stop at the bank &amp; go to work joy :)
tomorrows the boytoy's bday excited extrasex  :D
tomorrows the first friday night in a while that i won't be at soccer. idk what im gonna do with myself... sad offseason :(
tomorrows the opening ceremony for my little girls softball team!&x26be; excited coach gobulls :D
tonight  any other night  happy &amp; blessed 
tonight = positive!!!!!
tonight i will eating ice cream and re- watching the x factor videos depressed 8-(
tonight im going to be sitting in the corner of my room crying whilst eating a shitload of chocolate and singing torn depressed 8-(
tonight is just not my night, i wish i could talk to my mom right about now. sicktomystomach sad disappointed :(
tonight was a fun night happy :)
tonight was a good night. happy :)
tonight was amazing. i really needed a night like that. :)
tonight would be fun if she was here with me depressed 8-(
tonight's heat lost to the bulls made me feel almost as disappointed as when the dolphins try to win games angry disappointed :@
tonight's one of those nights that i wish i was cuddling with my boy :/ i will be saturday though :) excited :D
too blessed pass me with negative
too excited i made youtube partner!!!!!&x263a; naturalhair naturallycreole  
too excited to sleep :/ :D
too bad he won't be here for national kiss day :(  :D
too happy  starts arbor monday . 3 excited . :)
too much homework that i can't even watch the games tonight depressed goawayschool 8-(
too old for the teen night clubs in town. sad elderly :(
too right! pain is inevitable. suffering is optional ! positive
too tired, pe first. joy :)
took $50 to fill my gas tank joy :)
took a break now back to studying. joy :)
took a nap when it was sunny and beautiful...woke up &amp; it looks like i'm in taylor's safe &amp; sound music video... gloomy :(
took house off market today.... wife happy ier ... joy :)
took part in a majority graze day nevergood regretitallday badzone negative
top 10 benefits of a positive attitude  attitude creative develop easier great life negative people :)
tornado warning. excited :D
torrie trying his hardest to make me come to hhs next year. negative
tough loss 0-1. we played well but couldn't get a goal disappointed tired
touring binghamton tomorrow excited :D
track meet tomorrow ..! excited :D
track meet tomorrow that i can't even compete in. joy ihatejustwatching :)
track's not as exciting when you do terrible.  :)
tradd hates me and my unibrow...sad
traffic at sprint highway surprisingly clear... now that's something to tweet about! positive kltu :)
train, party, train, party. that's how i'm gonna be rollin' this summer. excited :D
traveling around rome all day excited :D
treadmill before a long car ride joy :)
tried to go to inside out nutrition and they were closed depressed 8-(
trip to laiya or quezon next week:)) excited :D
true love never lives happily ever after - true love has no ending ! positive :@
trust...  negative
truth is, you're too obsessed with yourself to know love for other people. sad :(
try to forget &amp; keep pushin but its just to hard disappointed
try to hide my sadness with humor...  depressed    :(
tryin to be positive :)
trying so hard for someone who doesn't seem like they care can be really hard sad :(
trying to be positive :)
trying to be thankful for little mercies.  :)
trying to convince  to skip first period with me to get starbucks sheisnotallin disappointed
trying to get as much sleep as possible! only 8 days until i have to get up at 3am.. joy sevec :)
trying to play fight negative .. dont fckin touch me
trying to think positive but it's kind of hard when so much negativity is thrown at me. :)
tryn mess my life up negative
tryna take my phone &amp; shit  negative
trynna check sum already ! negative
tryouts tomorrow !!! excited 
tune in to petergreenberg.com today at 730am est for a live report from joy'scamp at the shaba conservancy in northern kenya :D
turned out to be a good night.&x2764; :)
turner broadcasting system to shut hindi gec imagine tv in india due to poor ratings...sad
turning out to be a regular kind of thing disappointed thoughtitwasdifferent
tweeting from my macbook  tweeting from my  iphone depressed
tweets_of_love: the light of you is all i see: with darkness gone, now i am free. quotes lovequotes illumination joy
twins are on their way to my apartment \=d/ wohooo 3 excited
twins lose, wild lose, timberwolves lose....and it's raining. gloomy :(
twirp rally and dance tomorrow!  :(
twitter is on my way.. :(
twitter is so overwhelming, so much negativity. that's how west albany is gonna be tomorrow... sad goodnight :(
twitter keeps me company at night sad :(
twitter lies to me... disappointed
twitter needs the poke button disappointed
twitter on my phone isn't working... sad :(
twitter really might be my bestfriend! lol sad :(
twitter says tomorrow is national kiss day. nice timing. wahhhhh depressed 8-(
two classes cancelled tomorrow..done by 11, early weekend here i come!! excited :D
two days left of classes. two weeks left of canada. happy sad bitter sweet :) :(
two emails from uni. one saying i get an extra &xa3;1400 erasmus grant, another informing me that they've painted the polis door yellow. joy :)
two important things: 1)  is here and 2) free download of her cover of right down the line on  this week. happy :)
two minutes that saved my marriage  marriage harmony love passion joy commitment vows heart
two more days  prom excited :D
txtin everybody i cant even keep up with these dame txt messages lol sad :(
ty  for connecting me with  ! joy community luckyduckliving
ty thinks he know everything negative nigga
tyler likes riley more than he likes me. sad nolove bitchstolemyboyfriend 
typical april showers gloomy &x2614; on a brighter note wigan v wakefield today :(
typical guy reaction, shaking my head taught you were different. disappointed
u know some people don't know what they doin sad :(
u no u go to the wrong skool wen all the gurls there like hicks lol sad :@
u said you would text me , but you didn't.  :@
u thought igave a fuck negative 
u-17 in a week excited :D
ugghh that game . . . . disappointed
ugh pissed depressed 8-(
ugh i hate this feeling.... depressed :@
ugh i need someone to talk to :( depressed 8-(
ugh i remember i agreed to go out tonight umm negative  cause i completely forgot sorry guys !!!!! 8-(
ugh im so tired of this!!! 8-(
ugh my day is ruined! depressed face -__- 8-(
ugh pinterest, stop being all cute with these relationship pictures. it's making me depressed 8-(
ugh there needs to be another season of lost depressed 8-(
ugh! anyways...some1 tweet me  :) positive :)
ugh! cant stop blushing!(: happy :)
ugh! the  show on april 16th is 18+... depressed
ugh. depressed 8-(
ugh. i hate it when i type a message online and i accidentally press backspace so everything got deleted. -___- firstworldpains sad :@
ugh. i'm leaving for the weekend. without my violin.think i can sneak it lol  sad 
ugh...why why why....the next one will be better. positive :)
ughh my charger isnt working on my tablet... what a joy -___- :)
ugly chicks wana touch my hair and give my locs the cooties negative gtfohhoe
ugly hoes always wanna beef love a nigga. bitch i can get another man, can u negative <3
uhh, k. disappointed. good night. :)
uhm ... goodnight disappointed
umm no  but i feel like i have... depressed and i've been talking to hgkahghagha all fucking day.. and blaaaahhhh :@
umma laugh 2 keep from cryin n hide my pain hurt sad inmyownmood badnite  goodthingturnedbad :@
ummm. does americanidol seem scripted to anyone else disappointed
ummmm what happened to this weeks bgc8 episode! i was hyped to watch it!! disappointed
ummmm why does it have a negative number!! ipod freakout weird um negative 
ummmm... the nerve of some people!!! sad&x201d;
ummmmm  i saw you today and you didn't say hi disappointed
unbelievably scared for the 15th of may, exams start and i'm just generally shitting my nicks :( depressed. &amp; clueless 8-(
uncle sam literally just turned my pay for the 2 weeks side ways and raped it.... $53.68 of taxes subtracted... depressed 8-(
unexpected day! i've seen my friend, rose. :) happy :)
unexpected money, car got fixed, just got paid....happy..!
unit $: follow sad  
unity day 2012 depressed 8-(
universal studios with the cousins saturday excited :D
universal tomorrow. :) excited :D
until it's too late. :D
up oakstreet park wit joy setting up for summer league where  chip stealing ass at yo ttm 
up all night talking to someone that is awesomsauce happy :)
up at nine for maths tuition depressed   8-(
up in 7 hours! wow i'm going to be a lovely grump when i wake up! joy :)
up watching fast five, too excited about this weekend. i have my bag packed, peach ciroc, rum, and moscato  on deck ready to go. excited :D
up, found something, ncis :)) joy lol :)
uppp longdayy excited daltooonciiityyy :D
uppppp!!! gooooooshhhhh the nxt couple of days are about to get crazy!!! eeeeeek excited.com
upset to the superb happy doe :)
urgh. its a church&x2026; you're not understanding.  disappointed.
usher climax is my favvvv song nd it made me feel some type of way smh sad :(
usher has me in my feelings too early in the morning... negative
using  heres my final league standings positive 
usm class, joy....
utah weather changes as much as the moods of a 14 year old girl. depressed 
va beach this weekend :) excited :D
vacation is flying by!  sad :(
valdi sayang :* happy birthday :)
vans shoe. tore sad verysad  
very disappointed in breyers black raspberry chocolate ice cream.
very happy!
very rare based positive crowd listening to the basedgod's historical &amp; legendary lecture on   @ nyu 
very productive day driving digital knowledge transformation across enterprises! be positive, stay focused and success is near
very sad to hear another story about a gay man being beaten to death by two other men after they found out his sexual orientation. sad :(
very.!! if no wigs or tracks was put on this earth wat bitches be look'n like  sad :@
ves is' just a sad father : nike socks' really you need to be stop :(
via 
victoria, thanks for you ff props. joy!        <3
video will be up in about an hour! :d excited :D
videocall with joy :)
viendooo!  yeaaaah! happy
visions of  danced in her head excited kidonchristmaseve
waah finally my dream is coming true after 4 months; disney saturday excited :D
wahhh i wanna go back to greece depressed 
wahhh why are the blackhawks losing :( disappointed
wait i got every single class i wanted... is this real life. happy :)
wait shit depressed that you didn't just deliver me my pocket bread   :/
wait why did  come to see me run disappointed howrude
wait, what!  is twittering her life away with the rest of us! happy day
waited on that one phone call ... disappointed
waited till 1:30 a.m. for cokeboys3. disappointed i'm of this goodnight
waiting for 1230++ then we're off to the swimming pool, aww aww yes man! happy :O :)
waiting for joshua garcia&x2764; boyfriend happy  
waiting for my package. excited :D
waiting for the bus w/ joyce manor, camels, lovely dark coffee and late evening sun. simplicity joy gratitude 
waking up early to get a mcdonalds breakfast dedication fat happy depressed obese lol yolo 8-(
waking up every single morning counting. awkward excited :D
waking up in nebraska gloomy :(
wala na. just synched in that song in my ipod. gloomy :(
walk softly and carry a big heart:  share it. :(
walk to elliot negative
wanna know how to gain 9 pounds in 1 week be on your period and out of control. failure sofat depressed 8-(
wanna let him in myy life.....  if nt blame it all on my dad causee i refuse to let a man tell me somethiin and nt do it sad :(
want my back tickled so bad depressed 8-(
want some meat, aunt went vegetarian for lent. miss meat depressed 8-(
want to feel loved and no that i make someone happy! depressed :@
want to live in america depressed... :D
wants to go on a double date but i don't have anybody to come with me :'( depressed 8-(
was expecting to see my nikki butt today :( disappointed
was feeling a lil sick this week but motivation has kicked in yet again.  excited.
was going to record one tree hill last night....then i realized its over :'( wah depressed 8-(
was gon go see that lockout movie wit my work crew 2nite but eff dat! an intense workout + 2days of no sleep negative :@
was gone or an hour and a half, walk in, and i'm not questioned. i could probably go to canada and my gma wouldn't know for a week. sad :(
was gonna call oomf but they did it again.. disappointed
was gonna post a tweet complaining, but yesterday  told me my tweets make me look depressed. so i guess ill be more positive
was hoping to go somewere tonight disappointed
was it fun to watch me fall apart hurt sad broken depressed fuckmylife :@
was kinda excited about this econ project. now i'm kinda stressing  :D
was waiting for wiz khalifa to sound on my phone... disappointed
washed &amp; blowdryed my hair last night. my hair right now negative
wat a fail of a game disappointed
watch it:  by   happiness joy love allgoodthings
watched melancholia today. i don't say this often but it was a waste of time. shot beautifully, great acting,plot was horrible disappointed
watchin highlights of the super bowl between the rams and the titans.... still blown steve mcnair got caught out there like that... sad :(
watching glee from tuesday night. i didn't like duran duran skit... the lip sync was off too. disappointed <3
watching 2012. depressed 8-(
watching a movie that reminds me of sergio...sad
watching a walk to remember with mark (: lovethismovie happy :)
watching cars sell very cheap on ebay wishing i had the money to purchase one depressed 8-(
watching client list! jennifer love hewitt is giving me serious motivation 2 work out &amp; also get new clothes &amp; a new face... ugh depressed 8-(
watching cpu nationals live stream with my sours on depressed shouldbethere 8-(
watching footloose 8-(
watching good eats feeling real nostalgic. happy :)
watching let me in, i thought negative,but this shit weird lol
watching my team play at volleyball tournaments makes me miss it so much . depressed 8-(
watching playoffs when that habs aren't in sucks depressed 8-(
watching sad movies about the holocaust depressed 8-(
watching selena!! i love this movie 3 excited <3
watching showtime..going to panaad in a bit. fiesta excited x :D
watching stomp the yard 2 &amp;  says that's gay channing tatum is in that... ummm negative !!!!!!!
watching the bruins on nesn because nbc sports isn't showing it depressed ihatejackedwards 8-(
watching the kids play ... joy :)
watching the life aquatic with steve zissou. happy :)
watching the playoffs makes me miss being on the ice depressed 8-(
watching this movie about a homosexual son &amp; a die-hard christian mother .. sad :(
watching toy story makes me want to be a kid again .. sad :(
waterworld holiday happy selfpic instapic instagram iphonesia instapicture  
watt bikes tests done, now a road session in the hail joy :)
way to just give up heat. disappointed
we ain't gonna make the championship if we cant beat the celtics or the bulls. disappointed
we all like bad boys but when they have literally no respect negative :@
we all live that dream, bt can never except th future when it appears...sad but true :@
we are happy to announce more 10000 porn videos for you my lovely sucker baby!megafuckme @
we are best friends, but more. and it may seem confusing but lets never question our emotions and enjoy ourselves! happy :@
we are going to practice going into trance next week for anthro. excited :D
we are so blessed have confidence in your partner and your relationship!!!! :D
we brown again. it's not as short as it looks happy  
we cant all do great things, but we can do small things with great love. mother teresa   autism hope joy love
we come in college classes with durags now! negative
we dehydrate em enemies, so don't fuck wth us if ya ain't gt no protection kid
we don't even text a lot anymore so when we do its like awkward. sad :(
we dont need to be perfect to share joy share perfect kindness love people unperfect kids defect   :D
we dont need to be perfect to share joy share perfect kindness love people unperfect kids ... :D
we either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves happy. the amount of work is the same - carlos castaneda
we finally broke down and removed up all night from the dvr. disappointed waytoomuchava :(
we gotta be at her fittin  &amp; we no where near the place!!!! smh joy :@
we had groups in middle school ; you think i care that i'm not apart of yours! negative
we have 3 mo monthz til man man get'z here !. happy :)
we have milk!!  excited. i love milk. milk :ddd <3
we have one of the best 3-point shooters in the league yet spoelstra decides not to use him. disappointed :)
we hv a same situation  i know it too awwww &x201c; gloomy is when it is ... 
we just started becoming are a global community, right now. it is our new era. quote truth occupy joy peace ourera :)
we know she not a hoe cause only hoes get dick..i could have sworn i told her i was done with her  but these thirsty mf nks a days smdh sad :(
we live in a world full of people pretending to be something they're not...sad :D
we live in a world that when i say i have 5 sisters people ask if we all have the same father.  :D
we lost our softball game :D
we may not be able to control situations, but we can control how we respond to it. umir positive :)
we need more than 2 practices a week. depressed 8-(
we shall continue to rise tomorrow. excited :D
we think so!  such a great topic guys.  graphicdesign savetheworld makeachange positive
we want you to be happy don't live inside the gloom phish joy hobies :) :D :)
we will make chocolate lollipops!!  :) :D :)
we will see what the final result gonna be &x201c; i hope the bulls bring the heat to the heat&x201d; negative
we wish all our members a very happy baisakhi!!! 
we'll be visiting  the stepping stones museum for children tomorrow excited
we'll see joy :)
we're like 16-17 years old and most of us already have baby's and broken hearts. sad :(
we're waiting for my grandma, omg so hot!!!&xe02f;&xe04a;&xe04a;&xe056;&xe057; me love mom crazy fun funny happy happiness instag  :O
wea i'm from jits tottin pistols bigger then dem sad :(
wear ur chacos to work day!! joy 
wearing a garbage bag to prom cause i can't find a damnnnn dress depressed 8-(
weather does seem a bit confused this morning. :)  hmm.. weird weather this morning.. sandiego gloomy sunny drizzling
weather isn't looking too great up to london, it seems to be getting more grim joy :)
weeee i got an interview for a nannying job this summer! excited :D
weekend just got 10x worse depressed 8-(
weekend needs to hurry up! ready or saturday!!! excited :D
welcome to a day of waiting around for the electrician for hours on end joy fml :)
well back to griffin i go... joy :)
well fuck life depressed 8-(
well goodnight. tomorrows a big day and im looking forward to it too 3 excited. been waiting for tomorrow all week c:
well guess im calling it a night! r.i.p ponnie gone but never forgotten.. say wats up to my lil bro.... sad tweet! :@
well heat just got killed in ot depressed 8-(
well i played awful today disappointed
well i was so so busy talking to my dad that i didn't even get to text him today... sad :(
well i'm up early! hurry up bf!! excited :D
well like always everything works out thankful happy whydidistress <3:)
well looks like i'll be spending the rest of my night attempting to write this paper... joy <3 :)
well looks like i'm not gettin breakfast this morning. joy <3 :)
well made up my mind realized  is the smartest choice for me, just need to pay enrollment fee and im good excited :)
well school tomorrow. disappointed
well shot 72 today with a double on the last!!  positive the game turned a corner &amp; positive vibes growing. positive :)
well since we can just make up days and everyone goes with it, saturday is national make grant a sammich day. excited :D
well so much for that beach trip. disappointed
well thanks for completely ruining my night. i'll be sure to return the favor. disappointed <3
well that didn't go as planned sad :(
well that hurts a little bit disappointed
well that just ruined my night.. disappointed
well the weather doesn't look so great :( gloomy 
well then on that note im going to bed! busydaytomorrow happy ilovemyfamily :)
well this is a good first game sens.... disappointed but believeit! we'll come back next game! :)
well today's meet was good but i am disappointed in myself :)
well, at least it was fun at the beginning. positive commitssuicide :)
well, i'm pumped. motivation excited icandoit yeahyeah onlysolution :D
well, my weird brother in law has a date this weekend and i have to meet her. joy :)
well, tonight was extremely interesting. some people can't be trusted with certain things i guess. disappointed
well... off to work. joy sick :)
well... that was... disappointed 
well.... today was a horrible day for miami sports. hopefully things get better tommorow. depressed 8-(
well...no movie night tonight. deff tried real hard to finally get these movies too. bummed and disappointed
well...so much for seeing my girl this weekend. her mom is being lame -__- disappointed.
well..will be a nice week  fuck rain italy hometown weather depressed 
welll gooodddnightt :)))
welll this history test is going to be a fail.. studying for the rest of the night..joy
welp, ima just chill on the couch, watch pokemon, n smash on a big mac n fries,n maybe icecream. depressed 8-(
welp, the fake smile act was working pretty well until now.. depressed 8-(
welpppp carnival costume bottom too big looks like i'm wearing something diff joy <3 :)
wembley on saturday. wembley fucking stadium. excited :D
went all day not taking and yu decided yu wanted to txt me at 1:16 in the am negative
went from being surrounded by my best friends to the house all to myself on a stormy night. depressed missmainests 8-(
went to a redneck bar called cowboys. expected to see  line dancing with the fatties out there disappointed
went to all 4 of my classes today so i rewarded myself w. skipping work so i can get started on the crapload of work i need to get done joy :)
went to bed late last night but am feeling good this morning!! positive sunisout &x2600; :)
went to google and started typing justin and bieber came up before timberlake..what has this world come to! smh disappointed
went to the doctor for a checkup come home with 2 shots joy :)
were i live body matters more that personality sad :)
were loosing the real angels while some are  the true leaders... sad :(
west side story is in two weeks! :d excited :D
weve been through alot so im so happy were where we stand right now things are lookin good happy :)
whaaaatever disappointed
whaaat crystalkay is going to be on the new fareastmovement album!!!!!! excited!!!
what a gloomy day :(
what a gloomy day! :(
what a day!  finally in bed and can't wait to catch some zzzz's!!  up again in 6 hours joy --____-- :)
what a gloomy day in the neighborhood. gloomy day :(
what a good night happy to be luis :)
what a great day today was positive :)
what a great day! if only spring break was an everyday thing. happy :)
what a great night in. happy :)
what a greatttt day. happy , reallyhappy :)
what a let down. shame on me for expecting better. disappointed
what a mess i have become sad :(
what a nice day!! happy tanning wannagotothebeach :)
what a nice way to start the day. :d happy :)
what a night. depressed 8-(
what a night...  folding laundry, doing dishes...  crying...  fun times in my house lonely sad :(
what a stressful week .. taking off to sa tommoro excited :D
what a sucky day... depressed 8-(
what a waste of a day... hopefully today will be better. if not saturday and camping will be here soon! excited :D
what are your final thoughts before you get under the bar 4 a big lift or whilst on the blocks at the start of a race positive=champions
what do i look like  negative <3
what do u do when your father who leave for deployment in 5 days an ur baseball coach start yelling at eachother stressed depressed tears 8-(
what do you think would happen if you thought about everything that could go right positive :)
what does that mean freckles negative insider    
what even. lost some followers.
what ever happened to learning from ur mistakes some never learn sad :@
what goes around will always come around.negative or possitive
what happened to all his rain!! disappointed
what happened to all the good cartoons! disappointed 90skid :)
what happened to my old cartoon network and nick when did it turned into reality tv disappointed
what happened to the cute things you use to say sad :(
what happened to the promises you promised me  disappointed
what i sent mari  sad
what if i was born in another country such as america gosh mylife would be way better than this depressed 8-(
what is the way sucks sad :(
what is this! my dad thinks he can step into this now negative. you've been where for how long oh yeah, not in my life. :O
what is up with this bottom 3!! disappointed idol whattheheck
what is with the weather! melbourne cold wet gloomy depressing :(
what is your food  wateeer :') sad :(
what kind of zoos dont have hippos..... disappointed
what makes u think ur my type negative
what makes you happy today or daily fellow tweetersssss joy :)
what school has one floor sad :(
what the hell happened to,  :(
what the hell it's 55 degrees in la. where is the sun!! &x2600; it's supposed to be hot in california! disappointed
what was that joke abt lebron not being able to give you change for a dollar cus he didnt have a 4th quarter lmao is that how it goes sad :(
what was your nightlife like lastnight  newyork cab love lights joy happy living  <3
what would have been an 1 1/2 hour drive is now going on 2 hours &xe40e;&xe411; joy :)
what you mean what happened to y bf joy :)
what's positive :)
what's positive  ppl :)
what's for dinner  :)
what's good for tonight  :)
what's that it's not even 10 am joy :)
what sad edhi got detained for over nine hours. please get over shahrukh khan.
whatever happened to bros before hoes disappointed
whatever i'm just ready for oomf to show a good time this weekend. excited !!!  :) :D
whatever staying up late. depressed 8-(
whatever. sad :(
whatevs....... morning, morning, morning!!!!! follower, be happy and stay beautiful! think positive and everything will be okay. :)
whats meant to be will find its wayyy! positive :)  :)
whatt!! better find those women! &x201c;  i can't find my pretty sweats, i'm very sad i lost them sad&x201d; :(
when jesus shows up, joy shows up,love shows up,peace shows up, grace... life wisdom healing solutions perfection... :)
when  doesn't support you in your poetic dreams  depressed hateyou
when  showed me that song collide by howie dayyy  iminlove happy
when  breaks a very inportant promise 
when adam starts to walk all the way home
when augustus waters died, so did a little of my heart. depressed 8-(
when did it become cool to be like everybody else instead of being yourself sad.. smh <3
when ever i hear the red hot chilli peppers it takes me back to fall of 10' sad :(
when everything seems to be going to great then bam in a blink of a eye shit gets horrible depressed 8-(
when girls or guys that are between the ages of 11 and 14 are depressed over their bf/gf smh sad 8-( :(
when guys throw themselves in front of girls to get noticed in any way possible, and girls don't even acknowledge them.  8-( :(
when i come to ga, thats what we gonna do &xe057; joy :)
when i discovered your words, i devoured them. they are my joy and my heart's delight, for i bear your name, o lord god of heaven's armies. :)
when i dont text anyone i feel secluded from the world depressed 8-(
when i get into my moods depressed 8-(
when i get sad and depressed i want to go shopping but i have no money too which makes me even more depressed. :@
when i go to eat a cream egg and it isn't creamy inside :/ disappointed
when i go to mcdonalds to visit  and i only see  disappointed
when i have a bad day i blast   positive
when i have to leave the room because     are having fun and going out and i cant. depressed
when i heard it,i knew it was him lol sad :(
when i leave my phone it feels like i'm having a stroke i get that same feeling when i leave my kindle fire shame sad :(
when i look at the tweets of the girls i use to be friends with  disappointed :)
when i say i don't love hoes that mean hellnaw fuckthat negative <3
when i see my best friend  three times over the span of two days puregoodness joy :)
when i think negative yanira thinks positive when i think positive she thinks negative :)
when i thought i met someone i really liked turned out to be another asshole.       disappointed
when i turn 20, im gunna cry iwannabeforeveryoung gettingold depressed 8-(
when i turn my tv up really loud to hear the titanic song during the commercial, and they don't even play it. disappointed
when i was little, my sister promised she'd punish me for everything i put her through. i have yet to see it. glad happy :)
when i'm 69 ill be a very happy grandma, and so will grandpa (((((: truthtweet excited hopeilivethatlong :) :D
when i'm hurting...i don't show it...i just keep it deep down inside...but, now i'm looking for a friend to release all this stress on! sad :)
when i'm idle for too long i feel like an a--hole. a slouch. a bum. a real live jerk. chill mode is a negative until i'm financially free <3 :D
when is my time for happiness depressed 8-(
when it comes to making it happen, i'm prepared to lose sleep over it! if you put in the grind...the outcome will be a blessing. positive :)
when it doubt, sleep it out. mymotto pissedoff depressed not a good day :/ 8-( :)
when it takes 2 hours to clean your room! well i can see my floor now ! hardwork happy :)
when my mom starts to sing &x2764; joy :)
when my phone has less than 5% battery depressed 8-(
when my phone only has 15% battery depressed 8-(
when my sister has no idea a classic bob marley song is on sad disappointed :@
when nicole think everybody mom and they grandma love her  negative <3
when no one else is here i forget to eat sad :@
when one door closes another one opens positive :)
when one person can make your day. :)
when people offer to do my laundry, but never go through with it.. disappointed :@
when people retweet me  happy :)
when people you know become people you knew. sad :(
when plans change at the last minute...thanks disappointed
when ppl rate themselves higher than what they really are  negative!
when ppl reply back w/ lol, yep, ok, uh huh, oh, mmmhmmm do you really think i'm gonna text back negative
when ppl think they know me  negative
when someone goes from being your best friend to a stranger  buttheapologyfeelssogood happy :)
when someone says something good, and you think its about youu  (: happy
when the book is so much better than the movie  disappointed
when the kid sitting in back of u smells like ur ex.... joy <3 :)
when the kids at work don't even know what mulan is  disappointed
when the person you carr about most turns into a person you'd hate depressed :@
when the person you tell everything to, basically hates youu  depressed 
when there isn't more cinnamon toast crunch.. damn disappointed
when things don't turn out how you think they will...but in a good way happy :)
when to take a pregnancy test 
when two of my best friends are finally talking. now i can go to sleep with a smile on my face. :) happy abouttime :)
when u find out about someonesad
when u need to dance with a midget for attn weak sad pathetic newlow :(
when u other something online and it's not what you expected  :(
when u see i'm happy without u n u decide u want to be with me justdont act upon that ull only be wasting your time :)
when ur ex try to b there 4 u more than ur gf :)
when will they ever care enough to go to the things most important to me never. sick of being disappointed all the time by the same people
when will this stop depressed 8-(
when ya grow older and u realise there is more sound people out there and you get on with more people! positive fact :)
when you can dance in the rain inspite of your pain...you have joy :)
when you don't text me, there's nothing else to do.... sad :(
when you feel sad and feel like no one cares about you depressed :@
when you feel that the one person you tweet the most thinks ur annoying... :@
when you finally check facebook and see your girlfriend flirting with a complete douchebag...smh disappointed itspublic
when you finally finish a huge project and it feels so good joy :)
when you get home and there's no welcome back visitors  sad :@
when you have a bad day you wish you had that someone to turn it around deeptweet depressed jkk lol 8-(
when you hear the opening notes to a cover song you love and then realize it's the original. disappointed sorryrsbutthesundaysdiditbetter <3
when you hurt the ones you love the most  depressed :@
when you in your lane and your mind is set nothing really matters positive :)
when you just feel like your ready on been in a serious relationship but haven't found someone to be with. sad :( lol :(
when you just want a hug from that one person.  sad missingyou i should not be left alone with my thoughts they're eatingmealive ugh. :(
when you just want to let everything out to someone,but you can't speak to anyone about it depressed :-( 8-(
when you keep having children and you cant support yourself, depending on others, or just to stay on gov assistance is super sad :(
when you know a status is bout you happy :)
when you know someone can't follow through sad :(
when you left me, you took all the negative energy with you thankyou :)
when you like a girl a lot, you can never get her off your mind happy :@
when you no longer hear from   disappointed :@
when you realize it wasn't worth it sad :(
when you realize that the rest of your break is going to be complete shit disappointed
when you say you don't want me, it makes me think of all the things you told me were wrong with me. awesome feeling negative. :D
when you smile, because you've had a good day (: happy :)
when you start to replace your negative thoughts with  positive ones, you'll start having positive results! life truth :)
when you text someone, &amp; you get no response, but you see them tweet. negative -_- :@
when you think you have finished your work you remember that you have to do constant revision depressed 8-(
when you think your tax return is going to be 150 dollars but turns out to be 15.00 depressed 8-(
when you trust someone and they completely screw that up.  disappointed
when you want everything from the bruins store but you have no money. depressed :@
when you your the 'smart friend' and your friend beats you omg depressed :O 8-(
when you're eating peanut m&amp;m's and there's one that doesn't even have a peanut in it... disappointed ripoff
when you're really craving something and you go eat it... but it's not even good  disappointed :)
when your friend moves away! sad heartbreaking missesmyfriend needtoseeyou ! ! ! ! :)
when your husband doesn't text you back  tragic dylanallen crying dying depressed sadface cooldude wheresmyknife womp
when your little cousin has bigger boobs than you depressed claimingofthenhs 8-(
when's the last time the heat won a game disappointed
where da fuck is da press where da fuck is da press eitha they know or dontcare im fuckin depressed 8-(
where did he go by keri hilson used to have me all in my feelings when me and oomf broke up.. lol sad!!
where did the nice weather go gloomy depressing :(
where is the sun today gloomy :(
where is the sun gloomy but goodlaxweather :(
where were you when i needed you. now that you need me you expect me to run to your need....welp thats a negative
whereee is my beautiful love at the gym tonight! disappointed  <3
whew! i got my plane ticket for subic nextweeeeeeeeekkkk!!! excited :D
whew! i got my plane ticket for subic nextweeeeeeeeekkkk!!! excited =)) :D
while my sister plays around with clay, i get to play around with math problems joy :)
whiz kalifa commercial comes on, my mom says yuck unbelievable disappointed
who are these naked people following me  is being naked for the world to see necessary, or the only way you'll get attention  sad :(
who cancelled spring it looks like october outside... gloomy :(
who care what they say about you!!!!  love yourself, love yourself, love one another!!! positive bam!!! <3<3 :)
who else is just so happy that  joined twitter doctorwho happy! :)
who is it  the same girl talking shit is the same girl wanting to be on our team! negative&x201d;
who needs sleep just guna chill and do some laundry. depressed 8-(
who out there loves trying to get through barriers at southern cross station with myki joy :)
who's engaged! this girl!!! :):):) engaged happy 
whoa summer is like almost here. excited tanning tournaments workingout noschool hotdays that will be the life <3 :D
whoever took my dog, can i have him back now depressed 8-(
whole damn life a lie!!! sad :(
whoop whoop! can't wait! excited grateful 
whopping headache sad :(
why am i a padres fan sad :(
why am i not surprised at all disappointed
why am i so damnn depressed 8-(
why am i such a depressed tweeter i need to be more positive 8-( :)
why are all these bad memories coming back all of a sudden depressed 8-(
why are people so mean sad :(
why are u so fucking sketchy, nothing changes. buggin disappointed cashed
why are you always on my mind making me depressed 8-(
why are you never here when i am always there. disappointed :@
why are you throwing your life away. disappointed
why ask for my number if you're not gonna text me back  disappointed
why can't i find a guy like the one in a walk to remember. disappointed <3
why can't my hair look like this ): herbal essences, biosilk, and pantene ): hairs sooo soft and straight and shiny girlproblems sad :(
why can't the rams be good  disappointed :)
why did i invest in a friend like iona badion  negative chemistrygcse <3
why did i make that phone call... depressed &x2639; 8-(
why did i think i would be okay with this disappointed
why did i watch that depressed literally 8-(
why did taylor street change their name to something i can't even pronounce!! disappointed
why did the heat lose disappointed  
why did travis follow me on instagram -________- negative
why didnt anyone tell me there was a stomp the yard 2 disappointed
why do all good things  sad :)
why do i always mess things up sad :(
why do i always wind up at wynnewood when i'm sad or contemplative i think it's because i spent most of my adult life there. :-/ sad :(
why do i even try anymore! depressed 8-(
why do i feel like this  i just wanna sleep. depressed. <3
why do i keep thinking it's friday :( disappointed
why do i look at pictures from senior year right before bed depressed cryingmyselftosleep 8-(
why do i watch romantic movies depressed 8-(
why do they still make cars w cloth seats they are the positive to dog hair negative :)
why does  hate me! sad :@
why does my easter lily not smell like normal lilies disappointed <3
why does no one ever say under where whenever i ask under there! anymore disappointed :@
why does tb still have baby teeth nd brades @ the age of 14 sad -.- :(
why does this happen to me all the time): :(
why has music regressed so much these days sad :(
why i have flu! sad :(
why i'm depressed cause of this mixup family 8-(
why is it below freezing right now. i was literally sweating at the beach 6 hours ago and now i'm wrapped in blankets confused depressed 8-(
why is it so difficult to get  to notice me :c depressed
why is it so easy for you to call me a disgrace and embarrassment depressed thingsdadsays sadtweet 8-(
why is it so hard to find a good team disappointed :)
why is it when you sing happy b'day to someone it sounds so gloomy :p :)
why is our generation so messed up disappointed
why is so many young kids dying these days wth creepy sad pascocounty :(
why is there no glasses emoji... disappointed :@
why isn't two and a half men coming on... disappointed losing
why leading health practitioners are recommending...  :)
why my mom stop doing my hair joy :)
why not :) dessert chair typography type happiness joy smile bangkok thailand anotherhound 
why r my thoughts so negative trying to stay positive realhard :)
why so happy.! lol me myself i happy makeup work poloralph ralphlauren hair eyes smile blue fa 
why the fuck do you think all the girls want you negative subtweet
why the rain bcn gloomy :(
why was i even born depressed 8-(
why was i even positive after the caps loss. ok back to normal depressed 8-(
why when people come to your house they think u suppose to watch what they wanna watch negative
why whinge or bitch if you can change and fix life positive :)
why would i want somebody , who's evidently interested in every body else . negative .
why would my friends think it was a good idea to call me from the bahamas and tell me how great it is depressed whyaminothere 8-(
why you just can't be like sponge bob 8-(
why i ask this question all the time but never satisfied with the answer sad :@
wide awake contemplating...moving back home soon....so many good &amp; bad things have happened to me all within 4 years of college....sad :)
wild curly hair  curls curlyhair scarf spring happy smile   
will be doing volunteer services in our community tomorrow night! i'll be helping kids learn how to figure skate. joy :)
will be missing out on mule kicker tryouts because of my competition this weekend, everything happens for a reason. positive truestory :)
will be spending the first day of aintree shopping &amp; drinking in the city centre of birmingham. joy :)
will we ever talk bc i don't think we will we have different lives and we love each other oh so much this is painful right now depressed <3 :O 8-(
window shopping! &x263a; haha! have fun! shopping need to get ready to go out. &x263a; mall day w/ joy.
windy, strong rain &amp; thunder storm it seems like the weather is joining me on how i feel right now  sick sad heartbroken -____- :(
winning 60 at the casino, not a bad thursday! happy man :)
winning some good hands. joy :)
wish he'd forgive me. depressed  8-(
wish i could be watching the hurricanes in the playoffs... disappointed maybenextyear
wish i could get u back only if u would listen to me depressed 8-(
wish i could have you sad :(
wish i didn't lose that one for the team... disappointed
wish i had an ice cream filled popsicle right now but i must wait till tomorrow :[ depressed 8-(
wish i knew what was wrong with me depressed 8-(
wish i was drunk instead of eating/studying my life away depressed 8-(
wish i was going to  tonight notfair depressed
wish i was still there depressed 
wish it turned out differently disappointed ohwell
wish it was sunny, mother nature knows we all have an exam tomorrow gloomy :(
wish ko maka-target this month! positive :)
wish the mermaid was hotter in pirates of the caribbean disappointed
wish what i just heard wasn't true disappointed
wish you would have let me in but i guess that's not happening,.. moving on sad :(
wishes i was back in florida laying on the beach. disappointed
wishes it wasn't so cold and rainy again! :(.. gloomy :(
wishes things could've been easier, always there in the back of my mind. speechless sad :(
wishhh i could see my boyfriend now :[ sad :(
wishin i could go back and get more food. negative fatgirlprobz
wishing i had all the  on dvd depressed
wishing i was at country thunder! depressed 8-(
wishing i was still able to play softball depressed 8-(
with joy &amp; almz. 
with onetreehill out of my life what show should i watch now hmmm depressed missingit 8-(
with malybu, my rig, my girl. sweetness love family joy hotness 
with my love  going to dallas to kick some butt tomorrow!  ilovevolleyball excited <3
without this there is no joy. instalovephoto joy   :@
witnessed the heat lose in person depressed and now i have to drive back to purdue by myself gonnasuck 8-(
wna go out but i can't sad :(
woah softball practice! joy :)
woke up feelin icky and in a nasty mood..... hope this day turns out positive but if people do go missing 
woke up feeling like the rain today  gloomy :(
woke up from my nap thinking it was the morning disappointed timeforhomework 
woke up in a good moof. let today be a good day. positive :)
woke up think positive :)
woke up thinking i had today off! gutted. on the plus side, its friday &amp; can't wait for birthday celebrations to begin! excited 
woke up to jls..... thanks radio 1 joy <3 :)
woke up, and i gotta feeling today is going to be a great day, don't know why, just know it is. :d  <3 :)
wonder what my sis  her baby happy to final b a.uncle tho :O
wondering where people's loyalty lies. disappointed
woohoo i got asked to prom today :) prom surprised excited seniors fun friends  
woohooo!!! 1st time since 96 the panthers make the playoffs!! excited :D
wooohoo! i got 6 followers on instagram! excited ! lol followme * anna_dealmeida * i'll follow you backk (; :D
wooooo thunder and lightning!!!! asdfghjkl excited :D
woooooo graduation's so close i can taste it! excited :D
woop woop i'm so excited. haven't seen him in days. imissedyou excited  :D
woop! work done! today is my friday! off to londinium tomorrow with the makro ladies! joy :)
woot woot! 3 minutes folks!!! excited :D
woot, all good! negative
wopoooooo can't wait until my 8:30 class not depressed ughhhhh 8-(
wordplay: things that are good for you puts a smile on your face. things that are for your good puts tears in your eyes joy :)
work at six in the morning. joy :)
work till 5 ! joy :)
work time stratford r&amp;b shoes joy 
worked 7 hours today joy :)
working at the grainery is hard work but i'm making money now so....  :)
working on math all fricken day joy :)
working tomorrow and saturday, just realised i have like no half term left apart from going out saturday night depressed ihateschool :@
working with a complete wigger today joy :)
workout done...now back to hours of homework joy :)
workpace break again...4 accounts to go... positive :)
works done for the week. hawaii not long to go!! excited :D
worrying for no reason, telling me all kine lies unbelievable you out of all people. blowouttamymind sad depressed :@
worrying is stupid. it's like walking around with an umbrella, waiting for it to rain. :@
worse feeling in the world is when your whole left leg falls asleep goingdownwhenistandup joy :)
worse. mood. ever depressed 8-(
worst day seriously depressed 8-(
worst day ever! depressed sadtweet 8-(
worst day i have had in a long time!!! depressed 8-(
worst dream, ever. insta-depressed
worst feeling ever when you feel like your not good enough for someone anymore :'( lying in bed watching films eating chocolate depressed 8-(
worst nightmare ever! only if you were here then things would be better:/ saturday excited :D
wow c'mon d.rose where you at!....&xa0;
wow everytime i get to be like bestfrans with someone they have to move depressed 8-(
wow feel like shit now depressed 8-(
wow got hit strong tonight ); depressed 8-(
wow he apologized! that's a first! happy :)
wow heat... we had ittt... disappointed
wow i don't feel so good. depressed  8-(
wow i feel like my life is crumbling while i'm gone &amp; i'm gonna come back to nothing.. depressed 8-(
wow i really wish i could fucking sleep... sad :(
wow i truly fucked up this school year disappointed
wow im tired. but so many good things are happening right now happy :)
wow judges... there are 6 other great people standing right there that have just as great of a chance...especially colton! disappointed
wow me and my bestfriend  just made the funniest video ever!!!!!! lmfaoooooo! goodtimes joy thisiswhatwedo
wow miami, how could you disappointed sadtweet
wow never mind she just changed her mind depressed areyouserious :@
wow never really gave it a moment to think about this... some people are really crazy....like, bad crazy negative twofaced :@
wow ok my so called ex prom date lied she said she could go then her mom said no depressed :@
wow the stuff ppl put on twitter sad :(
wow this really sucks... depressed 8-(
wow we need to talk! ivebeenbusy soonthough! excited :D
wow what he just said has made my night so much better... happy, blessed, lucky... on that note i'm about to get ready to go to sleep.
wow you tried that crap outta me..
wow!  is also on  with  2 of karting champs..!! excited
wow! what a sucky night this was! badnight disappointed angry :@
wow, i'm in an amazing mooood! happy!
wow, just missed my 4000th tweet -,- depressed i had something epic planned :( ohwell 8-(
wow, my cousin  never heard of krispy kreme -_____- sad :@
wow, that lasted long. disappointed
wow-_- obviously no one cares if i'm on or off-_- sad :@
wow. depressed . 8-(
wow. disappointed
wow. didn't expect that shit to come outta your mouth... disappointed 
wow. i guess im hated by everyone according to you. sad depressed 8-(
wow. im so fat. depressed 8-(
wow. you've changed so much. don't forget who was* there for you since day one. disappointed you used to be sweet.
wow.. don't even have any pictures from the justin bieber concert w/ky cause my phone erased them :( depressed 8-(
wow.. so i surpassed my 1000th tweet a long time ago.. i was gonna make a shutout, but now i can't... disappointed
wow.. we're actually doing this. ohlord nervous but excited :o 8-(
wow... disappointed
wow... who else likes to watch videos of people that has murdered someone... sad :(
wow.....so na he wanna get bck wit me....na negative justwntgiveup
wow....on a night when d.rose only hits 2 points and miami's bosh, wade and james hit more than 20 each and miami still loses sad :(
wow...so rare &amp; positive on so many levels  +  make supergroup indigo plateau.
wow...the job is making people mentally and physically sick. sad notworthit :(
wow:) happy flyinhigh :)
writing a 5 page research paper joy :)
writing a paper on the liver and how it helps maintain blood glucose levels and an internal homeostasis. joy :)
writing the script for my upcoming short comedy/action video. creative passionate excited :D
wrote a $100 on my hand so everytime i look down i am reminded of how much i am making today . positive money :)
wtf depressed :O 8-(
wtf are people thinking these days...  disappointed :O
wtf did a tear just rolled down my checkhappy tear;) :O
wtf for some damn reason i just sat down and pissed like a broad disappointed :O
wtf i missed my 500th tweet!!!! ugh -__-  :O
wtf is this all access weekly i thought bms was coming on disappointed :O
wtf was watching dvr recording of  weirdo and it cut off the final punchline this is worse than being at home depot depressed :O
wtf! really.. miamiheat are slacking! disappointed
wtf was true blood on tonight or something disappointed :O
wtf my 'friends'   always gang up on me and call me names :'( icutmyself depressed :O
y m c a - biggest cringe song. negative
y'a du soleil happy :)
y'all heard about that busdriver raping the 8yr. old girl while she was on the bus wit her lil bro ... thatssick &amp; sad ! :(
y'all stuck on y'all old niggas, smh sad :(
ya win some, ya lose some. tomorrow is a new day. positive.
yahoooo!!!! just got my driving license :-) good start to new year ... happy :)
yal though yal was go come southbeach &amp; punish us negative
yall can have another &amp; well adopt surrogates  negative... stop wishing dt upon my life lol
yall done bra lol twitterlies  the heat might come back &amp; win....negative lmao
yall niggahs gotta stop gassin these hoes..these ugly broads swearin they badd cuz somebdy done tried to smash &amp; told em they cute negative
yall wanna be something yall not sooo bad sad!
yall young bitches fucking out of both pants legs ! sad :(
yalll trust these fuxk boys, &amp; expect to have a relationship forever.. negative
yankee tickets3 excited
yap i know &x201c; gloomy is when you really love someone who is very difficult for you to meet.&x201d; <3
yard work season again joy 
yay !  account working again ! thanks  ! blythe joy blogging <3
yay  still on top excited nba :)
yay about to get my teeth murdered my some indian at the dentist joy :)
yay back to a b in my medical class! happy :)
yay goin to bed happy tonight!!!!(:.....for once:/ dontruinitforme :)
yay i like rainy weather (: gloomy  <3
yay it's nearly the weekend oh wait the act is saturday joy rapture :O :)
yay my boo brought me my ice cream happy :)
yay my boy is coming over tomorrow&x2764; excited :D
yay! disneyland happy   
yay!  followed me back! thank you, thank you, thank you! xoxo :* muah! happy :)) <3<3
yay! got my hair dyed! happy :)
yay! i got a retweet from my new friend happy :)
yay! i'm getting better at driving with my parents in the car. i get less nervous! happy :)
yay! officially my daddys bday! :d cantwaittoseehim excited :D
yay!! my parcel from urban outfitters just arrived. :D
yay, it's so fun to get yelled at for no reason yipee joy :@
yayy :3 happy :)
yayy fast five is on happy :)
yayyyy my birthday i love life drunk happy loveeveryone <3 :)
yayyyy!! <3 :)
yea i do that positive music . respect me as an artist <3
yea i'm wit  on that one she should have stayed in girl scouts lmao sad
yea im alone tonight without you but trust me baby your all im thinking about... finally happy :)
yea my mom just said the surgeon is gonna say im out for season joy :)
yeaahh!! double it  next week! 6 active visitors on site happy! :d
yeah crying myself to sleep tonight.. depressed 8-(
yeah dump today joy -.- :)
yeah eish!  and that how life gos man sad
yeah, they sleeps  a lot lately guess i'll go to sleep like the  did !!   disappointed <3
yeah...wanna join u  do u wish to com with me joy
yeahhh my grades have dropped, i should probably get on that stressed retard 
yeap the power of positive thinking , membuat segalanya mnjdi positive cc:  ^_^ :)
yes julia, emma should say goodbye to charlie tomorrow sad  :(
yes sir     negative 
yes tomorrow fri... last day of the week... n i got the whole weekend off of work... happy :)
yes you overwhelm and satisfy my soul. jesus everlasting fountain of joy :)
yes! passed my cna test happy :)
yes...i am here at a school in the back lot  at 6:03... joy 
yess yess it gets like that sad but true lol  <3
yesss my hair finally grew happy 
yesterday was good. today is better. keep on getting better, life. happy :)
yesterday's afternoon skate with ash  friends skating fun life waterside blue sky grass happy 
yet again, let downn.. disappointed
yet another not so happy day. maaaaan. sad :)
yey class tshirt for food fair approved!!!!! thank you mrs michael! &x2665; happy <3 :)
yey i am going with  to disney on ice!! happy
yey nhs :) happy :)
yey! may electricity na! happy :)
yg menang siapa ya  =d i don't care notification for  . i'm now reach 12000 tweet!  joy
yick_a_deere happy :)
yo ..passss that!!! lol negative knicks about to get this win against the bulls.
yo rob, i see you spreading the love. based positive :)
yooo on some real shitt lebron is shitt mann how do u not take over a game like thiss disappointed <3
yoooooo girls crazy lol , that's a negative .. none of yall mf ' s fuckin this one up :)
you are all that i am, all that i could ever be. lovequotes micropoetry love bliss ecstasy joy <3 :)
you are my queen ily had a great day today :) positive
you are not welcome any more!!!! disappointed :(
you are sick in the head. who even has the heart to do such a thing disappointed confused .
you aren't the person i thought you were disappointed
you can enjoy a life that's more filled with joy. 
you can ask him if you don't believe me  joy :)
you can now call me and  fumilayo amd busayo teamtemi joy wearenigerian
you can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus ! positive :)
you can't sleep in my bed if you drool out thee mouth to much ! that's a most deff negative bruh bruh !
you cannot live a positive life with a negative mind. truestory :D :)
you cannot start the next chapter of your life if you are re-reading the last one. joy enjoy :)
you change and expect me to stay the same.. negative
you claiming him , but he ain't claiming you smh ! sad :(
you confuse me so much disappointed
you disappoint me. smh sad :@
you don't even care anymore disappointed
you don't even remember my parents name.. shows a lot disappointed
you don't marry someone you can live with - you marry the person who you cannot live without. love marriage joy noh8 :D <3 :)
you fuck up every relationship you've been in. sad :(
you get on the bus w/ 12kids and think i'm about to get up negative
you guys i'm passing math holyshit joy joy :)
you guys! i just saw lightning outside! also, i'm 4 years old sometimes!! excited :D
you have changed me forever. never going to be able to trust a guy again. sad tweet :@
you have changed, and not for the better :( its sad :(
you have feelings for me, but you act like a bishh to mee negative <3
you have got to be shitting me pissed sad :(
you have to be happy, when you wanna break down. because there is always a good thing coming out of your situation. positive :)
you haven't said that in a long time happy :)
you just ruined my night.. lies brother upset disappointed
you keeping it positive. 
you know it's bad when you get 'hand me down' bras from your little sister. sad :(
you know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up early  positive :)
you know its bad when you won't even leave the house cause you miss your truck depressed 8-(
you know that time where you make a pot of coffee and you remember once you get to your destination disappointed sad coffeeless :(
you know you have no life when you are texting your co-worker about work at 11:45 at night sad :@
you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because :@
you left the airforce to be a low budget rapper  yea , your mom must be so proud of you negative
you mad do i care negative
you make me happy :)
you make me feel like i'm living a teenage dream. happy <3 :)
you make me feel like the luckiest girl in the world happy <3 :)
you make me feel like the luckiest girl in the world3 happy<3
you make me happy wether you know it or not:) happy :)
you make me hate myself. depressed :@
you make me sad and angry all at the same time. disappointed :@
you make me smile. (: happy :)
you negros would plan something like this the weekend i leavechick-flick with  and  saturday!!!!!!! excited <3
you never changed not one bit /: disappointed :@
you niggas dead fresh but dead broke though sad :(
you off the hizzle g positive haha :)
you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo moodswing happy suckstosuck bye :D :)
you only text me on your time. negative
you remind me how to smile 3 happy  thankful dontforceit :)
you ruined me. im crying tonight over you. cause you ruined me. everyone had to suffer because of you. happy  fuckyou :)
you said goodbye like i was trying to hold a convo... negative <3
you say you miss me but you don't do a thing to change it... -.- sad veryconvicing realtalk :(
you see right through me...how do you do that sh*t! joy :)
you suck it easy... hurt shattered ihateyou depressed :@
you think i feel like going to this doctors appointment  negative <3
you think just because you have a lot of followers your twitter famous!negative cause truth be told most of your followers are your family!
you think you are pretty negative
you think you cute  negative especially with that nasty attitude
you thought i was callin or txtin you  negative
you trust me... happy :)
you unfollow me, then i unfollow you. you follow me back, and expect me to follow you back again negative
you used to be the one person i could go to and depend on... now you don't even make the top 10... sad youvechanged! :(
you want respect but you gossip about everybody negative <3
you want respect but you walk around and act like you're better than everyone negative <3 <3
you were supposed to trust me by now i don't understand why you can't ... disappointed
you weren't who i thought you were. disappointed :/
you win some you lose some. fuck it depressed still 8-(
you would think because i got almost eight hours of sleep and it's 12 i would be wide awake.... negative
you would think i can ball as much as i be wanting to go!!! negative
you would think island music would make me drive slower... negative
you're a thousand miles away but you still make me smile happy :)
you're coming with! yayy(: dodger game tomorrow excited
you're everything to me. inlove happy :)
you're so adorable, i really don't even deserve this jkireallydo heheh happy :)
you're so bitter sad &x201c;  &x201d; :(
you're such a terrible friend. disappointed
you're very welcome, michelle. pure joy!     
you've changed, and you don't even realize it. sad :(
you've got to ne kidding me right i can't do this. disappointed.
your attitude is a choice. you choose what defines your worth. joy :)
your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are ! positive think about it ! :)
your disappearing made it easy to miss you but almost never talking to you outside of us hanging out  .... :/ sad&amp;drunktweet :@
your dumb ass can't even spell your name sad . :(
your just pushing everyone tht actually cares about you away! sad :(
your not who you said you were.. disappointed
your only here once, make the best out of every day. stay positive. :)
your tan looks indian.. -_-.. yes i have red undertones. indian negative
your the reason why my lifes worth living happy :)
your way to old to be playing on phones bitch......beat it.....u fucked up in the head....sad....he got u way2gone.....
your.not here..... sad   
yteeaaahhh buudddie done packing. . head to vegas in a bit :) excited
yu at the bus stop....tryna tlk to me....in my car...... negative
yummmmyummy photooftheday happy iphone4 popularpage instagood  
yummmmyummy photooftheday happy iphone4 popularpage instagood  
yup lol &x201c;  lt negative iparty lol  really&x201d;
yup.. thats highschool for ya :/ i hate it when people change and best friends become total strangers. sad reality :@
yur so ugly and think yur the fliest things walking. negative!!
zaaaaac effffffrrrron on punk'd!!!! excited(;
zimmerman said trayvon broke his nose, but the expert said he was full of shit. negative you lying piece of shit.
zookeeper day for me at  and i feel like a kid again! excited couldntsleep thank you  xxxxxxx 3 <3 <3
~~ <3 <3
~~ joy is a flower that blooms when you do. :)
~~now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy. :) :D
