 depressed 8-(
 at the thought of school! depressed 8-(
 at your right hand oh god there are pleasures ever more! 8-(
 god will reward u with all that is beautiful in ur life.~talmutairi 8-(
 i really miss my mom depressed me too. :( having a parent in a different state sucks!
 most women like being with a man with no job &amp; no car.. that way he'll stick around longer! :)| negative 0.o its nt fun :@
 study study study studddyyy espa&xf1;ol doing the same thing :( and chem, english and health quizzes tomorrow joy :)
 lost my phone! sad :( :'(
 seems like no one wants to be in a relationship now a days , everybody wants to fuck with everybody ! sadshit crazy :@
  a waste of time ii hope he ain't one of dem 2 min niggas who think deyy put it down lols negative :(
 another bites the dust smh it aint meant for everyone ... no crabs in a bucket positive :@
 it's almost twelve and my daddy still isn't out of work sad neverseehim mine too :(
 never will i make uh female think she gotta worry about anotha female negative we on da same team :@
 i guess we aren't pretty... sad tweet. depressed  :( i know /3 :(
 berglund scored twice in the third but havlat scored early in the second ot to give the sharks a 3-2 win. sad :(
 there waste'n pizza !! shame on you ;( fuxx u aint a real rydah! how u gone let em waste it!! disappointed
 i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes . :@
god will never put you through anything you can't handle  see that boom positive :@
i'll support you no matter what, :@
i've never been to canada. i've never told a girl i loved her. sad :@
people know how to hurt my feelings. :@
travel is never a matter of money but of courage. from aleph  positive believe :@
you are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. ~ c. s. lewis quote positive sahd sahm :@
1,000tweets haha uhm yeah i just hit 1,000 tweets and so i apologize to 168 of you for putting up with my stupid tweets happy followme 8-( :)
1dtocalgary , why does this never trend ! sad :@
3 everyone has a last love, but never a first. its a positive fact (: :@
8pack is fading away!!! omfg!!!!! 24hoursatthegym eatinghealthy buggingthefuckout depressed 8-(
anger leads to nothing but trouble - thus be positive... :@
antm this week.... :( disappointed
awalktoremember is playing right now... this movie makes me cry more than anything! beautiful sad heartbreaking :(
awk the guy that grabbed my drink from me and down it sad :(
blackhawks should not be trending, they let me down today and i'm sure alot of other people disappointed bulls :(
cold damp day in the roc gloomy :(
depressed 8-(
depressed 8-(
depressed  8-(
depressed  missmybff  8-(
depressed  that was a threw part tweet 8-(
depressed alone angry needigoon :@
depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed 8-( 
depressed hat 8-(
depressed hurt anxiety why worstbreak :@
depressed pleseforgive 8-(
depressed readytobreaksomething 8-(
depressed smdh &xbb;&xbb;&xbb; damn...how did u know!!lol 8-(
depressed soscene 8-(
depressed tgif 8-(
depressed . 8-(
depressed ... i'm not sure why thoe -_- 8-(
depressed /: 8-(
depressed 8-(
depressed 8-(
depressed :( mad :-o  confused :-ughhhhhhh im ready to screaming
depressed ;( 8-(
depressed and idk why 8-(
depressed because i didn't get to see island water park d: 8-(
depressed because my bad accent 8-(
depressed cant sleep. got work in 4 hours. no customerd better piss me off today. fuck sake. :@
depressed for the moment 8-(
depressed fuck i don't know why /: 8-(
depressed gonna take game two though caps 8-(
depressed haa 8-(
depressed hope that puppy is still at the pound saturday! 8-(
depressed i need this weekend 8-(
depressed over here 8-(
depressed r.i.p. aunty laverne 8-(
depressed tins empty 8-(
depressed tweet 8-(
depressed what is the point in living 8-(
disappointed giving up on you sorry 8-(
down disappointed :(
drugged sad :(
etsy sad :(
everyone i have an unhealthy obsession with justin bieber and conor maynard :/ ... wontfollowback :/ ... depressed 8-(
excited nervous 8-(
exhausted and the fact that it's a dark gloomy rainy day, doesn't help at all :(
fat prick chickendippers depressed boys ladsontour slags bestfriends caunt snaaaake 8-(
foreveralone sad :(
free game: smileys wars - gloomy cellar - smilies have begun war in a cellar. you...  en gloomy smileys wars :(
gloomy heyjude :(
gloomy day = studio day thedarkness :(
gloomy is sunday :(
gloomy is when closest people around you give a pressure without knowing what's in your heart. :(
gloomy is when it is difficult for you to give a chance to others around you even you try for it. :(
gloomy is when you can't tell your feelings to someone you love. :(
gloomy is when you keep trying to survive in uncertainty without being able to get out of it. 8-(
gloomy is when you really love someone who is very difficult for you to meet. :(
gloomy is when you really miss the person that you can't possibly meet. :(
gloomy night with sabrina's acoustic :(
gloomy sunday :(
gloomy time for some john mayer  :(
hahaha ahhh whatthefreak holycrap how why whatintheworld nervous excited in my head, all at once... gonnaexplode breathe phew 8-(
hurt depressed unwanted lonely .... my feelings are definitely in motion :@
icantlivewithout makeup ...lol the first thing i thought of sad :(
ineverrealized how much of my life was consumed around you sad :(
inmyownworld depressed butlifegoeson 8-(
judges were disrespectful to other contestents in how they fawned over jessica on idol. sad :(
loner sad :(
melbourne weather needs no filters to look gloomy  :@
nationalkissday noone foreveralone single sad :(
nationalkissday sad neverbeenkissed foreveralone :(
negative   i'm cominnnn  now who coming lotion me down lol :(
negative !  yes you are!! lol. no i am not !! lol  tineika's gassing me!! :@
negative cause that would mean yall were never wrong &x201c; a woman's intuition is the   :@
negative he on that mf &x201c;  his ass bout be playin tho i kno he aint in no rush to be back on the bench&x201d; :@
negative is not a path,u can b u without trying to b here to make a point cause makeing a point don't hurt u it hurt the ppl that love u :@
negative lol  i'm paying $3.00 an hr u down :(
negative no $ amt gonna save him   --;   soo&x2026;y'all gonna help zimmerman and donate  :@
negative people will always try to drag you down to their level.  :(
negative people will always try to drag you down to their level. love 'em but rise above 'em! :(
negative so much testosterone at this prayer breakfast i just want to scream operationpantypower! no   :@
nervous 8-(
nervous pumped scared positive 8-( :)
notevenaware that they will never have their parents... sad  god please be with those two beautiful little girls  :@
np how do i breathe  depressed 8-(
oomf day went horrible sad :(
oomf is cute af but he'll never go for me.. :@
oomf keep getting hoed by the same nigga! sad :(
overlysadtweet likereallysad megasad depressed 8-(
playersmoreclutchthanlebron tony romo in the playoffs lmaoo sad :(
playersmoreclutchthanlebron, wooww, people act like lebron is the only player on the heat, everything is always his fault, lmao sad :(
reasonilovemyboyfriend he makes me smile when no one else can. happy :@
sad :(
sad :(
sad :(
sad  :(
sad angry disappointed frustrated -- thats how i feel :(
sad depressed irritated confused  frustrated :@
sad nevergettingtheballagain :(
sad open :(
sad shanewest :(
sad bitches competing with me and i'm in ur job stadium :(
sad cause i got my cereal ready w/ sliced bananas and stuff and i opened the fridge and theres no milk :@
sad forgotton :(
sad fucking case fa real :(
sad i kno. first time i ever say some where an ate alone :(
sad is feb 15th :(
sad lol :(
sad mymeatball didn't text me all day ! :(
sad sadtimes :(
sad tweet :(
sad tweet i always get the hiccups since i was young.... soberup :(
sad when your 10 year old cousin is taller than you :(
sad you don't know your own brothers birthday :(
sad. sorry mom sorry dad. i already did my best 8-( :)
scared 8-(
scared worried disappointed dontlikethis 8-(
sigh sad :(
smh sad :(
stressed irritated disappointed :@
sucks  sad i'llmissyou :(
superbummed sad :(
thatawkwardmomentwhen u know no matter how hard u tried, u only have 11followers cry sad empty :@
thatmoment when the dog takes over your pillow and you don't want to move him so i have to share the pillow with my fiance sad :(
thatshittyfeeling after you cry so hard you can barely keep your eyes open. hurt disappointed :@
themostpainfulthing watching him leave.. sad :(
thingsthatfrustrateme is when a guy takes forever to text back when u guys are having a very important conversation :( negative
tired cantbreathe sad :'( :(
tired frustrated sad need things to get better. only time will tell :(
toomanymen have no ambition, sophistication or class. sad :@
&x201c; hate age why can't everyone be the same grade depressed&x201d; that doesnt even make sense :@
&x201c;  lol no that time you ........ did you know what!&x201d; negative :@
&x201c; saying good bye to someone u like and u know u never can go back to them depressed sadtruth&x201d; :) :@
&x201c; i hate over thinking a situation when it's not that big of a deal.&x201d; depressed :@
&x201c;  sad salute&x201d; no i'm not  :@
&x201c;  sadly im not they replaced me chelsey! :( sad&x201d; what the fuck you're joking, right
&x201c; soooo.... i sell mary kay now! ^__^ excited and a little nervous but mostly excited|| same here ;) 8-(
&x201c; i hate when ppl call uu fake when rly dey dah mane fuckin 1...sad&x201d; negative &x274c;&x274c;&x274c; :@
&x201c; posing in yo avi wit boi shorts n no ass  negative&x201d;/ glad you spoke up on that cus i was thinking it :@
&x201c;  lol no he is not...he will be coming too&x201d;// ha negative :@
&x201c; my mother want a grandchild let me let  &amp;   no lol&x201d; negative :@
&x201c; negative &x201c; fellas before beatin the pussy . eat it . before u kill the pussy.&x201d;&x201d;-- wack!! . u get no luv from me :@
&x201c;  damn rite smh i be hoping an praying they shit break down &amp; cum knocking at my door 4 a ride negative&x201d;omg yess :(
&x2600;sunshine where did you go gloomy :(
&amp; i'm still trying to tweet!! sad :(
&amp;&amp; i defintly aint about fuck no nigga for shit negative :@
&amp;&amp; i just got reminded sad :(
&amp;i know right we never see eachotherd: :(
'happy is the person who can laugh at himself. he will never cease to be amused.' - bourguiba, apparently. joy :@
'pretty woman' in bed it is! i am going to cry as i know i will probably never get a guy like richard gee. deep hatethat depressed :@
'woven purses' unfollowed me.... damnit depressed 8-(
*sigh* depressed 8-(
*sighs* i guess ill go to bed since no one is talking to me. goodnight. sad and offline :@
, my birthday was whack ! thtts sad :(
- btcs ain't got no type of respect for they self sad. :@
- wish i wasnt in macomb riqht now... depressed 8-(
-- cannot wait to see the lucky one when it comes out (:  8-(
--beyond scared straight don't even come on anymore disappointed 8-(
-kiss me in the dark, hold me through the night. hold me like you'll never let me go:) happy :@
... just wen i'm about to get better, i feel depressed again...sad 8-(
....... sad :(
.......anybody can fuck all day every day lol silly rabbit u thought u had somethin special sad :(
....ok i officially declare myself as depressed now!! blamethestupidhospital 8-(
...i mean think of hurt feelings thru the ages since juvenal, due2 rude satire. least we can do is ban the negative stuff from school. :@
...literally no words right now. beyondangry disappointed :@
..thinking way too much. idk what to do anymore  depressed 8-(
.so confuseddd.! sad :(
10 more days till my best friend's birthday, actually besttttt friend! there is no fun here without him! excited :@
106.1 is letting me down right now disappointed :(
10billion things are rushing through my mind right now &amp;&amp; i have no idea what to do!!!!! :'/ frustrated sad mindfucked :@
110% depressed stepped on my og purple sun glasses and they broke)': devistated 8-(
1800th tweet goes to&x2026; no one.!! disappointed again&x2026; nothing new tho.!! :@
2 of my friends have seen the love of my life this past week and i've had no such luck :( depressed whyme babycomeback :) :@
2 times this week ive told camryn she needs cymbalta to her tweets. depressed  8-(
2012 just isn't my year so far sad :(
2nd degree burn &amp; set off the fire alarm. i'm never cooking again depressed :@
2nite feels like the loneliest of nites.. sad tweet :(
3am &amp; i'm up, no surprise. lifeofanewsister lol joy :@
4 days! crunch time! i must finish everything before work tomorrow! pumped stoked excited anxious ready notready webster adiostc 8-(
7 episodes behind on this season of family guy depressed unacceptable 8-(
7 years tomorrow. cantbelieveit sad :(
8 lbs down and i feel great!!!! excited :( :D
96-86.. disappointed :(
:( depressed tonight....... work tomorrow 3-9. 8-(
; jay park why you no come to vancouver wae disappointed :@
@ every black family bbq its always one drunk aunt/uncle dat piss on dey self!!! sad :(
 no way!!!!!! wow....i wanna go kill myself now....none of them follow me . cool.... depressed :@
  negative hate puking :@
 you're so right depressed :( i gotta work though! boooo are ganna have my little bf tmrw or later
  lupus is no joke...diagnosed 8 years almost died several times... notfunny sad prayingforyou :/ :@
 ik kev...really upset mee.. feeling kind of gloomy   that's my gloomy face...if you didn't know :(
 -_____________________- i'm disappointed !! he is just scared , he loves you i know that much ! y'all will reunite ! 8-(
 i soooo am! come visit toledo before all your friends leave me :( depressed :)
 are you just going to be a no show tonight disappointed :@
 yeah i hate car insurance! and werd man i'm so sad depressed :@
 ha but the sad thing is she thinks she is cute...negative :(
 sorry babe . ill see you forsure tomorrow 8-(
  really no turtle neck in the pants comments from anyone disappointed :@
 i'm down &amp; whenever but i'm not even down to ditch anymore -.- sad i know haha. nurse passes for days tho :(
  i just hate life right now really sadtweet depressed :@
 negative i don't even party no more... my life is ova :@
 sad lonely :(
 ha letting me down maan. but i guess disappointed :(
 say what you want on here. i know what you say to me. like i said, sober up. get with it. no one wants to see you like this. sad :@
 down south is where the lush sunny weather is dark and gloomy here :(
 they dnt know no better sad :@
 disappointed :(
 :) no problem! gotta support our girls softball!! :) depressed cuz it was pritty much the whole week! :@
 ano :( depressed right i'm off to sleeep adiosss x
 you quit our game on draw something :( sad
 never got my cookies disappointed :@
 hmph , tuhh your just mad cause you no im positive and your negative haha . :@
 sorry that wonderful girl happy 8-(
 probably, i just had a mediocre sub :( disappointed
  dinny u worry ur self tht is coming positive roger al be sorted awready wae them flossys11rupees 8-(
 nope getthepoint depressed justhowitis :(
 my talent is singing... but i will never get famous or somth....sad :@
 why u no follow me...just found out you followed my friend  thats 2 celebrities following her depressed x_x :@
 haha well no one tells me nothing anymore! disappointed :@
  wish i could have saw that!!! sadly i live to far away :( sad :D
 she was bad. never could get that baby hair  around her hairline under control though sad :@
 let me down tonight don, even after we spoke!!  disappointed :(
 alright ;) hit me up tomorrow and we can chill! it's been awhile since we have hung out :( disappointed
 sadly im not they replaced me chelsey! :( sad
 just thought i'd let you know my phone died and my charger is mia. :(
 ill beat yall scary ass with both hands behind my back. lmfao! you lonely af, you need someone to talk to. depressed! fuck you 8-(
 what happened to our mcdons date! :( sad
 no way!and its gonna get a lot worse before  it gets better, if it ever does. sad :@
 awwww feeling depressed when i havnt taken a photo with you... ;(
  never been more mad at the two of you disappointed so plz don't ever talk to me.. kk thx :@
 we're never letting him cook again negative  :@
 never been a fan of that and starting now... negative so you know i'm telling the truth :@
 i'm going to as much as i can. y'all are all like family to me we have all gotten so close this year. i hate saying bye sad :@
 haha your funny no i don't disappointed :@
 clearly he's on some type of drugs.ya cnt go arnd killing cause you feel like it. no matter what race!! sad :@
 ooohhhh no sir... negative not me...someone just asked me if i knew you and referred to u by that name of course im like, idk :@
  it wasn't his first time! speechless disappointed astonished no longer on teamhetero :@
 couldn't be any better than that!! some people will never understand that though! sad :@
 excuses excuses i'm disappointed in youu... :(
 i love the ignorance if negative tweet. so if i loose connection in fifa i get a loose no matter what. brilliant bs :@
 no fuckin way so did i ahhhh excited :@
 no wine, no beer, no buzz...no fun... sad days... :@
 omfg you never made me them :( depressed :@
 i'll make your bitch ass wish you never had a fuckimg twitter off to pt excited notreally sarcasm frankie'sgay :@
 i'm watching eastbound and down for the first time! excited :(
 positive why because there's no other way 2 fly! :@
  my triplet jeans no longer fit. depressed :@
 pleassse send me a picture :-) i still want yours :( wahh depressed
  sorry grace negative i am at home brainstorming! hanginthere 8-(
 lol i choose sleep instead waybetter and i'm pretty much the same as you! gotta get the work done! i never have fun lol sad :@
 hahhaha we never got to tan and talk about prom in the mountains disappointed :@
 there is no reason to be a target ho at such a young age.....she seems so nice. disappointed tweet :@
 :( determined to make u feel better happy
 exactly it was my favourite thing ever :( ah well they have them in dundee and it was only &xa3;4 could have been worse positive
 hate when ppl do stuff they're not supposed to do like drinking!! disappointed  disgusting :@
 girly, i know how you feel :( notfun sad
 no nina drobev tonight :(  depressed :@
 look on the bright side, you could spend tomorrow night by yourself, just sitting there. no book. positive :@
 omfg no sabia aw mi budget ta medio empty si no me llego sad :@
 i didnt go running sadtweet disappointed sorry coach 8-(
 today i got my first follower in a week hahaha :( sad life firstworldpains instafamous not
 no my car is in the garage:( remember! depressed :@
 i've got two mate and would never do that, different times and different pressures i guess. nice programme tho positive :@
 my internet is down so can't draw you something. nearly crying here. depressed xo :(
 i followed. no s/o or follow back. disappointed :@
 i give you clotthess, make you delicious sammiches &amp;&amp; you won't even go see a horror movie with your big sister :( disappointed
   because you have no one watching. you would need permission sad useyourhead :@
 so we never ouija-ed :( sad missyou ryansgonnastealit :@
 you no that mrs negative :@
 i'm scared something might happen to the parachute, i can't even go on the that ride that drops lol sad 8-(
 no tweets yet disappointed :@
 i hate to break it to you but 395 times 76 or however many years is a lot disappointed :@
 a guy made &x200b;&x200b;me mourn, i need you sad :(
 i wish you would follow me! :( disappointed sad
 ok your followers always growing up, thats mean i really dont have a chance to get notice from you anymore :( tears sad
 you better be! well you could've but you were to worried about where the party was. disappointed 8-(
 is a hater ....always tryna hate and never give somebody credit, even when it's due smh negative :@
 i can't find my pretty sweats, i'm very sad i lost them sad :(
 you never called me depressed :@
 just realized i get paid on wed night now no more singing nsync just got paid every fri w you depressed :@
 :( depressed denied
 i will! i would come back every weekend just to dance. i love it. i feel like a senior. :( im never gonna dance again. sad :'( <3 :@
 i never watched pll since i missed the first season and then just couldn't get into it. but tsc... i miss jake! disappointed :@
 like no senior skip days, no pranks. disappointed we only have like 2 months left! :@
 i was waiting for your askkuk but you never came online.. but now i gotta go to sleep.. sad :@
 i was waiting for your askkuk but you never came online.. but now i gotta go to sleep.. sad  :@
 dude !!! ;( since its wrong to be mad @ a person you dont know but not gonna lie disappointed
 what! you don't miss me ! :( sad
 i want          now! im depressed  :(
 damn rite smh i be hoping an praying they shit break down &amp; cum knocking at my door 4 a ride negative :(
 why arent you coming to saskatchewan :( depressed
 i know bro., you never hit me up anymore sad :@
 you're in the minority! never thought in a million years dt would say something like that. disappointed :@
 i never ever see you anymore!!! depressed needstochange :@
 lol!!!! no mam hunnie negative :@
  i won't be able to come to the cle show on the 9th, that's when the ohha's are :( i gotta chase my dreams sad
 depressed :( reminds me of spanish todayyy! lmao. cheer up mar&xed;a (:
 you still never showed me your formal shoes :( disappointed :@
  no hash tag disappointed :@
 .... disappointed ... :(
 ur negative today, no good! :@
 agreed :( i'm so sad you're not coming home depressed willmissbikeridestothebeachwithflattires :(
   :( sad tweet
 giving up is never an option mia. positive build on the negatives. :@
 yeah! ikr no i sit thr nd argue wit my rnts... joy :@
 wrote them all down again happy i better get the new list now...  :(
 i know :( depressed another time all three of us will go!3
 bol !!!! wow , so sad . tony is naturally crazy that's not an act so why tailmage acting  sad ! lmbo . :(
  11.30 update - derailed by 2 emergencies - no to dos done  but remaining positive thingsreallycanonlygetbetter :@
 negative i asked if you were serious...then you started complaining about running and ish. i'm still down :(
 what! no sexy pose with the rose disappointed :@
 i always want to retweet you, only to realize over and over that i can't. :( sad
 i want to be there :( sadtimes depressed
 don't worry i just hope u notice my tweets happy 8-(
  lizzy never answers me anymore .... depressed :@
 very positive!  i'd say.  winding down from all that busy work and stuff.  hehe  and you :(
 today!  i am so angry we can't watch it together yet depressed :@
 i kmow im dieing right now thou drowning in fever :( haha its cracking either way ! sad ha
 lololol  no no that was lame , but cute &x263a; positive  :@
 well...idk if it'll help or hurt but you got a hot look and that's halfthebattle :-) keep it positive. :@
 no one actually sent one:( depressed :@
 darn... :( disappointed
 hahhaa no way, just economics! lol. i am taking a year off next year though for music! excited teamalex lol :@
 i miss gym soooo much :( have fun at reginals babes do great positive
 no listen to sol disappointed lanadelreysux :@
 just putting it out there... u never showed up to the gym to play ball disappointed :@
  in no way should afternoon delight be ever mentioned with that disappointed :@
 hate the game nottheplaya depressed donthateme bum :@
 haha put the frame face down duh! hey i almost died today too.. go us! :( and totally denying my pickup lines! :((( sad :(
 it's sad. because like im literally depressed with being pale. depressed 8-(
 i mean i followed  like an hour ago, no follow back disappointed :@
 yes! i am no longer racked by guilt and images of my low self worth aha! joy :@
 we are no longer friends disappointed :@
 sadly not :( depressed
 did you delete your tweet to me! lmao i was like crying laughing, but i had no service to reply to you depressed :@
 got me peeps but her sister ate them .... /3 :( depressed
 bahahahahahahaha y'all niggas lost to sorry ass hayfield. disappointed 8-(
 i hate life depressed :@
 i know and that was the only picture i was excited to see and show off :( disappointed :D
 waaaa :( depressed
 were you really in warner robins last night. hate i missed the opportunity to meet you. disappointed. :@
 ok!!!! these kids will take all your cash!!! we have no choice, cuz how you goin look better than your child!!! negative :@
  bitch you need to go to sleep, nasty. ya generations fucked up... you doing shit i never did at ya age sad :@
 wow u must hate to see me happy :/ :@
 no  this week he's my favorite swamper and always makes me laugh... disappointed. :@
 no but i tried earlier and you didn't answer depressed :@
 aw mannnn depressed :(
 you unfollowed me after almost three years of being my follower :( disappointed
 - just tried calling and it's already sold out depressed :(
 wheres the date to come to denver :( depressed
 for 2 months i never paid for which they clocked onto lol joy :@
 i'm just hating because you never spit game at me :( sad :@
 never get better without positive  people around you!! :@
 you make me feel bad :( .... depressed ihateyou
 thanks jenny, things should be fine. hate waiting around, about a 45min delay. joy xx :@
 just nasty. i can't imagine actually being next 2 her. just hate emanating from her. negative nasty wrong payne ingraham :@
 :( disappointed
 heck no you did not just hashtag that! lol disappointed :/ :@
_______ is now in a relationship... the most depressing thing to see on someone that you like's wall thissucks sad :(
a gloomy picture for a gloomy weather. hallway dark   @ canada  :(
a clips packet from the obits department on the kitchen counter, sent so i can sum up an ailing writer i greatly admire. gloomy :(
a niggardly wit no confidence is sad :@
a walk to remember .... this movie gets me every time... sad :(
a walk to remember is sooo sad tearingup :(
a week ago i was having dinner with the boys from kentucky and then bowling with the boys from maryland. yolo sb2012 missit depressed 8-(
a.k.a. axl jack-hole; i can no longer separate the man from the music. the illusion is finished, both i &amp; ii. disappointed :@
aaand that's why you don't trigger multiple encounters at once. i was knocked out twice, and we lost a party member to noble sacrifice. sad :(
about to leave the sunshine state  depressed 8-(
about to skype with jordan hopefully he can turn around my sad face like he can with eden. sad :(
about to start my 4 and a half hour journey down to britains beautiful capital excited :( :D
absolutely nobody text me today lol sad :(
after tonight i feel ready for tomorrow! especially jazz and i never thought i would say that  excited :@
after what i just heard about you....... your an absolute dirt sad hahahahahah :(
aha july &amp;&amp; aug was lit tf up wit hearts!  sad :(
ahhh. depressed thoughtyoulikedme 8-(
ahhhhh friday the 13th.....&amp; its my cuzzo b-day kno she gon hav bad luck sad :(
aint been on twiiter cuz i was watchin the girl with the dragon tattoo...i hate that fuckin movie..hella retarded disappointed :@
all i can say to oomf is we had it in the air and just couldn't land it.. sad goodnight :(
all i really want is everything to go back to normal and to know that everythings ok. :/ sad :(
all i wanna do is talkk to youu &amp; i cant!! depressed  8-(
all i want for my birthday is to see  on may 11 in seattle. the day after my birthday. and its all sold out... :( depressed
all i want to do is dance depressed 8-(
all i want to do is eat pho &amp; hooka right now gloomy rainyday :(
all i want to do is lay in my boyfriends bed and watch punk'd depressed 8-(
all i want to do is wear my prom dress. all the time. too bad i don't actually get it til the 18th ): sad :(
all my dms are spam!!! sad :(
all my sun chips are gone... sunchips depressed iwillbeinthecornerofwoe 8-(
all my wine is gone depressed 8-(
all the foamposites are sold out...geez  sad :(
all the little things that make me mad could never add up to all the big things that make me happy :@
all the movies on netflix suck :( depressed 8-(
all them talks and chats here and there came down to a bunch of bs disappointed :(
all u c on facebook is pics of weird and funny things like the pics we post on twitter and tumblr. sad :(
already had to give the bunny back, found its owners. depressed crying missyouthumper 8-(
alright last night of paradise tomorrow back to reality depressed 8-(
alright, time to wake up and study... guess i'll be wearing my rain boots this morning.. gloomy sleepytweet :(
always fresh, always tim hortons sorry that donut i just ate was not fresh at all disappointed 8-(
always hoping for the best... never expecting the worst either.. positive :@
always manage to fuck things up sad tweet  :(
always seeing couples when single depressed 8-(
an a in 3 classes except math .. depressed 8-(
an expedition ate a red light &amp; smashed my little maxima, you think ill be scared of you throwing yourself @ this truck ! negative 8-(
and he's gone :'( sleeping all alone tonite n the next 3 nites sad :(
and i'm freezing. fantastic depressed 8-(
and of courrse they always leave me out.. you know it really makes me sad when your friends don't invite you with them... :( depressed 8-(
and the fact that i can't get ahold of you, on top of you not being here is making me so much more angry with you.. depressed :@
and then you went away. how dare you. sadmusic depressed missingyou 8-(
and what's up with a room full of people and everyone one the phone sad :(
and when the money come, everybody wanna run to get some  sad :(
and when ya think you can look up to a person..... sighs. :( disappointed
annd get caaught lol sad :(
another day of not being able to practice. depressed 8-(
another vacation this summer will have to be scaled down. will president obama or his wife tell their children they can't go sad nobama :(
another win for sw 10-0 but can't play next game sad swsoccer :(
another win for the boys lax team. if only they could tone down their attitudes a little... disappointed  :(
anybody who thinks their family is screwed up obviously hasnt met mine. depressed 8-(
anyone that says money can't buy happiness has obviously never owned an mlb watch that plays take me out to the ballgame. joy \/ :@
are f'n serious, spicy buffalo wheat thins!!!! sad :(
are you f*cking kidding me. i missed my 5000 tweet and i went over by 33 mothertrucccccccker depressed isucksobad 8-(
arg cant play tribes ascend too sad :( my computer to low tech :(
as i get older my patience runs thin and im only 22..... sad :(
as long as you have no major worries and your happy, i don't see any reason to complain about life. positive :@
as many times as i've slept under this blanket , it's never felt as good as it does now  countrygirl happy :@
ashes on tha floor gloomy :(
at dino's without my bud ronnie burns after concert depressed 8-(
at least the weather matches how i feel.. gloomy thunderstorms :(
at no point in my life will i achieveperfection there will never be a time when i will not need the joy &amp; satisfaction of helping others. :@
atleast i have my dogs so i'm really never alone:-) positive :@
avoiding walking to my room.i still dont have a key, my phone is dead..and i dont wanna wait outside depressed 8-(
aw fck, depressed d: 8-(
awake for work depressed cannotwaitgetbackinbed 8-(
awh mannnnn missed my 4000th tweet sad :(
awstin come homee! :( missmykitty sad :(
aww i miss florida so much right now depressed :O 8-(
aww... just read the post from junethea's bf. its been a year since she's died. and he loved her so much ): sad :(
awww he fell asleep whose going to entertain me now sad tweet  :(
aye my homegirl bf keep stalking me.. lol sad :(
babcock: no nerve damage in darren helm's forearm which is great news.  will be ready for training camp. positive :@
baby pictures are due tomorrow. sad :(
back home doesn't mean relaxation time.. back home means more studying time.. :ccc 8 days till all this is over! excited nervous 8-(
back in gloomy london! take me back to italy  london gloomy nature  :(
back in milton. depressed 8-(
back in the day we used to count how many people we kissed... nowadays we count how many people we sleep with. sad :(
back to my boring life depressed 8-(
back to reality .. depressed .. summer  8-(
back to work tomorrow gloomy ... :-( :(
bad mood eh. disappointment depressed 8-(
bad storms on saturday.. depressed 8-(
baking  a cake while 5000 directioners are going to be listening to them sing :( depressed
ball fucking sack! depressed :( sharksblowdong 8-(
balled my eyes out watching the last oth sadtweet depressed whydidithavetoend 8-(
be careful out there. some idiot just drove the wrong way down 302 bahah sad :(
be careful what you wish for ; you'll never know what you have until you lose it. sad ass nigga. :@
beautiful morning windy gloomy rainy weather ... totally lovestruck :(
bed depressed 8-(
bedtime sad whatever. it's all for you. :(
been listening to sad love songs all daytime depressed ;/ :( 8-(
been slacking on my tweets. sad :(
been so sick these past two days had to go home from mt4uth early haven't left my bed in two days depressed :( 8-(
before my accident :( so pretty &amp; tan... depressed 
bein negative gets you no where always stay positive. :@
bein caught in a woodchipper is the worst way to die..this tweet is for that 6 year old that got caught in one .. sad :(
being depressed sucks 8-(
being a depressed whale is no fun :@
being alone at night is the worst. gloomy :(
being called a hoe dont mean nothin to sum of these girls sad :(
being sick and having a bad day on top of it sucks depressed 8-(
being the first one to know about   at school and being the only one not going to their concert sucks. depressed :(
bet half my tweeps have this act saturday too. depressed 8-(
bin up an lyin in bed for the past hour thinking about tomorrow, not a chance i'll be able to get a few hours tonight!excited nervous lfc 8-(
birthday on air cancelled! tsk tsk... :-( badweather rainy gloomy cloudy damp :(
bitch don't cry in my staircase, got my halls gloomy and shit. :(
bitch got no life begging for friends on twitter sad :@
bitches crazy and be mad cause da next chick can get wat dey got bitch when dey made 1 dey made millions like get over it sad :(
bitches hate too see another bitch with confidence... sad :@
bitches throw shots at me nd ion even know they name . . . sad :(
blackhawks with their power plays tonight are like a 13 yr old boy with a boner...dont really know what to do with it. sad :(
blah:( goodness sad :(
bol girl tf!! negative   well its not funny lol wen i see u ima push yo ass down bol :(
booking my first vacation down south seniortrip dominican excited :( :D
boston's gas stations don't sell beer damn no road rockets sad :@
bruins game isn't on tv. fail depressed 8-(
but honestly my mom is too fucking cute and i hate when she doesn't come to dayton :( sad :@
but i gotta never say never. positive :@
but we know this case won't get solved sad :(
but we lost.. depressed 8-(
but who really slipped up first behind a bitch 8-(
calling it a night depressed 8-(
came of air after being live on cbm radio and all i can say is wow!, never had so much support in one show like that before! :) happy :@
campus is beautiful. city is....interesting. depressed 8-(
can my night go ahead and do the turn around now  depressed 8-(
can never get a hit when needed. disappointed pissed :@
can someone call me depressed 8-(
can this get any worse sad :(
can tomorrow last forever  don't want it to be saturday... hate to see him leave. sad :@
can't believe i gained all my weight back. having a hard time getting it off this time. i hate me. depressed :@
can't believe i just finished my last 2011-2012 practice of the year depressed  8-(
can't believe there are people like that sad :(
can't believe we lost this game in overtime wow. depressed 8-(
can't do this anymore sad :(
can't eat.. depressed 8-(
can't put down hunger games! bought all 3 books today... excited :( :D
can't remember the last time i been this faithful . lol sad :(
can't sleep sad :(
can't sleep even with three benadryl! sad :(
can't sleep worried about him sad 8-( :(
can't sleep! -_- everything's gone bad to worse, my bro wrecked my room, taken my pilliow&amp;ruined something that meant a lot to me depressed 8-(
can't sleep. too much tears. depressed 8-(
can't turn on any of my favorite pandora stations without something reminding me of you tiredofcrying depressed okay 8-(
can't wait to get my prom dress! i'll be real sad if someone else has it! :( :D
can't watch the bruins game tonight because of work depressed someone bring me food during intermission 8-(
cancer sucks depressed iloveyounana 8-(
cant even believe this,bed depressed 8-(
cant find this video :(    depressed 8-(
cant sleep sad crying :(
cant stand putting a scarf back on the rack. but sadly today, i was forced to. depressed 8-(
cant turn a hoe into a house wife..... man you see how many people do it anyways lol sad :(
cant wait tilk a good genuine friend crosses my path. god send them soon depressed as fuck 8-(
cant watch angelito... sad :(
cedrick hardman, the current sack record keeper for the niners, is sitting at a booth at walmart trying to sell his cards. sad :(
celebrate it with notty fortified health drink. :(
cheer meeting was intense. hope were better this year&xe404; cheerleader nervous excited 8-(
chinese boy who sold a kidney to buy an ipad sad :(
chris brown is at the city and i just left there sad jealous :(
cisco...u fall for girls to easy. sweet but sad :(
clothes are expensive and i love them. truth addiction sad :(
co worker was callin me slick all day and i had no clue until somebody said i looked like a mib agent... depressed bonezone :@
confused as to way im not on my way into  boston right now..... depressed cheeringfromhometonight 8-(
could fall asleep at any moment sleepy gloomy :(
counting down the days to our graduation.  thank you everyone for the unforgettable ride. :( sad :(
crappy weather for tuesday, foreshadowing my impending doom exams gloomy :(
crawling in bed and balling up, sleeping my life away depressed 8-(
crazy day depressed 8-(
crazy how we're all pretty much looking for exactly the same thing, we just have no idea how to get to it. truetweet sad :@
crying + throwing up = awesome depressed 8-(
crying because it's sad and because i'm sad depressed :( 8-(
crying huge tears ..just said see you later to one of my best friends ...who is leaving for chicago then by korea.. for 15 months depressed 8-(
crying myself to sleep depressed 8-(
crying while watching american idol... wow my life is sad :(
csula be so turnt down now. lol sad :(
dad came over for a vist / holiday and now my parents are fighting..... sad upset :(
dads just shown me a picture of adeles new house depressed lifesnotfair wishiwasfatandcouldsing 8-(
dame i never thought that i would be in the same position... this sucks sad :@
damn also tomorrow is also national kiss day and i won't even see my girl :((( sad :(
damn emery didn't have anything to do with that sad ot phx chi playoffs :(
damn! you could have rt'd ha shit instead of making it look like you said it! ....smh sad :(
dang bill crystal is so old! sad :(
dang we were suppose to 'tango' tonight but she fell asleep already! :( sad :(
dang! this girl be having myspace pictures on facebook! haha sad :(
dang, it national kiss day and i aint get no kiss. disappointed :@
dang...track is officially over..&xe023; depressed 8-(
dangg last time i was on my ipod was 38 days ago. sad :(
day 12: positive todieforphotoaday hakunamatata, means no worries  disney thelionking  :@
days like this make me miss my sweatpants. gloomy :(
days like today make me want to go to bed right now gloomy :(
dear pillow sorry for all the tears you are about to receive. good day just shot to hell. depressed 8-(
definitely hope i won't feel like this in the summer. exhausted confused depressed 8-(
deleting all of my apps from facebook. holy shart, i've done some stupid things in my lifespan. depressed nowsagoodtimeforgin 8-(
dem white boys be trippin over ugly hoes when others guys want em like they megan fox or sum..but at the end of the day theyr all ugly sad :(
den they said arvis had a srew driver, henry had a hammer and rudy had a butter knife! sad :(
derek isn't funny. just depressing depressed 8-(
did 3+ hours of work today... i think this is the most work i've done in one day this whole semester. sad :(
didn't see you at our last class;(  not like u care anymore...  what a waste of a outfit! sad :(
dnt wna be in that picture no mo! negative :@
does that mean everything you said to me was a lie sad :(
don't be a worry wart, negative nancy, crap magnet or sad panda. life is way too short. stay happy, hoes. 8-( :(
don't even know what to think anymore. frustrated sad smh :(
don't feel good. sick and depressed 8-(
don't let the enemy steal your joy :@
don't like to hear my baby cry... makes me cry :'( sad :(
don't mess up the love you have for what u want what u want can never replace that love that you once had! not worth it sad greys anatomy :@
don't really wanna talk to anyone. depressed 8-(
don't think anyonee cried at titanic as much as me chloe and mads. depressed 8-(
donating blood tomorrow :) nervous excited savinglives! 8-(
dont know why i even try to dress cute. i end up looking like a piece of shit anyway. depressed nothingnew 8-(
driving home alone from cheer tonight listening to the radio, made me realize how lonely i honestly am and it made me cry. depressed  8-(
dude did make me switch my sig 3 times, sad :(
dull weather this gloomy grey :(
dusty feet n u kno it sad :(
dying on the low low depressed 8-(
eating chocolate till i get fat depressed 8-(
eating my weight in icecream after getting timelime depressed why whatisthis fuckfacebook 8-(
eh , why'd i forgive you  i can't trust you anymore so looks like i'm ignoring you to now . damn , can't trust anybody these days . sad :(
either my tv is messed up or nick at nite is messed up. the sound isn't with the picture! i'm mad! it's messing up my tv show! depressed 8-(
elizabeth isham, i'll remember you and your beloved great dane forever and i will share your tale with everyone i know. :'( titanic sad :(
emotional mess tonight.. why do i always do this to myself overthinker depressed 8-(
england is very annoying in this shitty weather! can't do nothing!!! gloomy raining bored! :(
ever have those days where you just feel off i'm having one. confused sad blah :(
ever since my dads heart attack, my parents became huge health freaks. now there's nothing at all to munch on depressed 8-(
every break, oomf wanted to get close and communicate. this summer tho negative cuz i hate up and downs :@
every night i put my headphones in, blast sad music and start overthinking its like a fucking routine stressed sad :(
everybody sleep &amp;&amp; i'm up dancing. lmao. sad :(
everybody swore up an down that i was tryna be cj step momma at one point. negative :(
everyone looks so depressed and lifeless at the u of a during finals... gloomy energyvortex 8-( :(
everyone's getting there permits and licenses, too bad i'm not even 15 yet. depressed 8-(
everyone's going off on these mad sad tweets baha :(
everyones leaving me to go to uni and am staying in liverpool depressed why did i ever give up london 8-(
everything seems so much better in america.......... england your are shit get me out of this country! depressed 8-(
everything you said you would never do, you did disappointed :@
everything's reminding me of you. sad :(
everytime i lose a follower i lose a little piece of my soul depressed 8-(
ew ew ew ew ew ew just remembered i have work in the morning depressed fuckthat goodnight 8-(
ew my mother wants to work out with me! she gone be following me around the gym like no other! negative ~! :@
f.r.i.e.n.d.s. makes me happy no matter what :@
facebook is pretty helpful when your prom date hunting sad :(
facebook is smthn else!! nthn hw it use to be!!! sad :(
fantastic easter monday weather, wind &amp; rain...... gloomy :(
fat girl booty is no where near the same as phat girl booty... but cats now days don't care anymore. sad :@
feel sick :( boo depressed 8-(
feel so lazy depressed 8-(
feel so much better i actually don't mind talking to people lol depressed thank god for first priority 8-( <3
feelin down and out. sad pissed :(
feelin it's a movie marathon day. rain gloomy sadtweet :(
feeling  today gloomy :(
feeling depressed luckily none of my friends have replied to me so i have half a litre of skittles vodka to myself, woiiii. lifeofateen 8-( :)
feeling kinda depressed today. maybe a little sick gloomy 8-( :(
feeling like i messed up. sad :(
feels lied toooo. sad dontknowwhattodo :(
feels like gamer rehab :( sad depressed 8-(
feels like he spends more time with everyone else depressed 8-(
feels like heather trott after what i've eaten tonight  fatbitch greedy depressed  8-(
feels so down today..  gloomy :(
fellas i am sorry to inform you that you can not force a female to gv u their number or sit in ur ride o_o um idk you maaaann negative 8-(
fells like he did something wrong depressed 8-(
females get niggas killed and dey don't even know its there fault... sad :(
finally after a long time was able to sleep till 9 without sunlight in the face. gloomy :(
finally at home in my own bed it's comfortable but i'm depressed 8-(
finally brining myself to watch the one tree hill finale othforever depressed crying etc 8-(
finally cracked my screeeen.  my baby is brokennnnn! depressed 8-(
finally finished mockingjay.. having withdrawal symptoms already :( addicted depressed 8-(
finally home and already want to go back to europe timeofmylife depressed 8-(
finished editing my audition tape! exporting now, and then the terrifying submission! fingers crossed folks! nervous excited dreamjob 8-(
finna sleep my day away depressed 8-(
first time not drinking or going out in 7 days. feels so weird depressed 8-(
flip flops baseball cap makes me happy depressed 8-(
fml seriously. hated this day. feel so bad. okay byeeee ;( offline depressed 8-(
fml wanting to order these shoes but i dont have my credit card sad :(
for now, i'm done with everything. cutting my pone off, too. depressed 8-(
for real what kinda ladies are you talking to no self-respect. no diginity. can't even use the proper language and sound educated. sad :@
for the better part of 6 years i've been leading prayer meetings on friday nights with glorious comrades. tonight will be my last set. sad :(
forgetting a twitter password is the saddest shidd ever, finding all those followers again.. sad .. :(
forgot i still have so much homework tonight just keeps adding on to my wonderful day tired grumpy pissedoff sad annoyed  :(
forgot my laptop charger at school. i feel like i only have 17% of my life left... sad :(
forreal just got my heart broke.. never felt like this disappointed :@
friday is supposed to make me happy, but i know it's my last day off for easter... college monday depressed college 8-(
friday night lights is on and i still can't believe i'm done all 5 seasons. depressed 8-(
frustrated beyond belief. just want to be done sometimes. depressed angry mixedemotions :@
fuck ate all my peanutbutter cup from hodgies. depressed bye 8-(
fuck i need to take a shower sad bored alone :(
fuck me, i'm all wet. soaking wet and now i'm cold. depressed 8-(
fuck nevermind there wasn't a new one sad :(
fuck you phoenix, fuck you bitter disappointed :(
fuck!! lost some work i have to hand in on monday :( someone save me!!! depressed 8-(
fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! capsplayoffs ihateot depressed 8-(
fuck, i lost that kids number. sad :(
full metal jacket... sad icried :(
funny how i love you can go to i hate you in such a short amount of time sad ohwell :@
g ada mention sigh wat gue!  :( sad :(
game night at church...we lost! :( sad :(
george of the fucking jungle was on hbo and i turn it on and its the very end depressed 8-(
getting emosh because i'm not at the show :( :D :)
getting excited  for something  then  something  comes up and everything's ruined  :( disappointed  remisad :D
getting home all excited to see jayden and he's asleep ....... depressed 8-(
getting home and realizing grey's anatomy didnt record miniheartattack depressed 8-(
getting let down is the worst disappointed :(
getting my hair done takes forevaaa. but i at least get to catch up on the tabloids. like now i know that josh lucas got married depressed 8-(
getting ready for cheer tryouts tomorrow!!! excited nervous ready ohyeah ((: 8-(
getting scared to tell this person that i like them nervous excited yolo positive-thinking 8-(
getting that ice cream would've been so clutch sad :(
gillian just told me she's not coming to my wedding... notokay depressed 8-(
girls just wanna have fun en merengue :( sad :(
girls these days out scheming in flats. come on boo get it together. sad pathetic :(
gives up studying in favour of stalking own facebook timeline. sad pureentertainment :(
glad i have sarah to be here for me tonight.. i'm just sad blah :(. goodnight y'all.. :(
gloomy hill [dart rail station train transportation gloomy day   @ forest/jupiter station   :(
go into class sunshine come out gloomy stormcoming ihope :(
go to make popcorn for a minute and while ur making it the team wins in overtime!! firstworldproblems depressed 8-(
goddamnit its been a whole day why can i still smell her on me sad :(
going back blonde either this weekend or next:) excited i miss my blonde hair :( :D
going out for a ride around the block. maybe i'll get lucky and find a pile of cash to go to the a2a convention:/ depressed 8-(
going to bed depressed :/ 8-(
going to bed sad :(
going to bed early, turning the phone off! depressed thanksalot :(( 8-(
going to bed with too much on my mind is the worst, cant sleep can't think can't do anything, thankgod im seeing a doctor 2morrow depressed 8-(
going to bed. sad :(
going to explore what cleveland has to offer this summer, its parts of cleveland i have never heard of &amp;i been here all of my life u_u sad :@
going to listen to odd future... sad :(
going to sleep not talkin to my baby:( sad :(
going too bed. crying sad iloveyou :(
gonna cry even more when they dance and sing to tattoo! cause im proudofjusticecrew yet depressed cause i dont get to hear it. 8-(
gonna do my nails then hit the sack :d  8-(
gonna enjoy what i have, not a worry in the world! 3 happy 8-(
gonna go crawl up into a ball for a couple of hours depressed 8-(
gonna lay outside and do absolutely nothing. i need peace and quiet. stressed and depressed 8-(
good game to the blackhawks, sorry you guys couldn't pull it off. disappointed 8-(
good morning, yyc! you look like i feel today. gloomy needmoarsleepz :(
good thing i'm getting nonstop phonecalls from all my cousins crying about me not going to florida for the first time in 18 years depressed 8-(
goodnight gram, i love you =/ sad :(
goodnight twitter. school tomorrow and we find out about encores and espirt nervous but excited at the same time 8-(
goodnight. tomorrow will be a day of deep thought. i am scared and excited. but i know in the end everything will be okay. positive love 8-( <3
gooood lawwwd. sad :(
gosh!today is national kiss day and i gat no peep to kiss sad :@
got all excited because i thought i spied a public enemy cd at the library. turns out it was a puddle of mudd cd disappointed :@
got excited for nothing :( disappointed :D
got my hopes up for nothing.. sad tweet :(
got my i phone stolen from the rec center today depressed phoneless...... call my phone til someone answers fuckme 8-(
got picked for another fashion show but cant do it ): depressed 8-(
got unfriended by someone i liked , a year ago ... i really think he doesn't want to have communication with me . sad :(
great day now a depressing night idk how to tell you what i really want to say and you ask but i say i'mfine when really im not depressed 8-(
great night w/  tonight. no school tomorrow! college day to ou! boomer excited :@
great night with my girl! :@
gt study hall tonight... depressed lol 8-(
guess i'm not worth it... sad :(
guys are so desperate nowadays smh sad :(
had a bad day ;( nothing impressed me at all sad :(
hahaha this is early for me sad :(
hahahahahah. never let it be said that i don't know how to build suspense and torture you all. joy :@
hahahahahaha damn wen the heat lose my tl be so dead and depressed 8-(
half of the people i grew up with are now just people i used to know sad :(
hardest breakup i've ever had to witness ... sad :(
has a total of 3 swimsuits that barely fit me.... of those 3 only 1 looks decent :( depressed 8-(
hate age why can't everyone be the same grade depressed :@
hate being sad . specially when i have no reason to be.. fml :@
hate being judged over something i didn't do depressed cantfocus :@
hate everyone at home who's getting rain. depressed :@
hate finding out things out the blue:/ depressed! :@
hate getting my hopes up disappointed :@
hate having nothing to wear when the parties on sat depressed :@
hate how sean is still in bed, joy :@
hate it when there is nothing to do! depressed :@
hate rainy days. makes me feel do dead .... i guess its time to do laundry n some major cleaning! rainydays gloomy :@
hate that i'm not playing up to my full potential. disappointed :@
hate to feel this way :( gloomy :@
hate watching happy movies, they make me depressed :@
hate when i need a moment of solitude and i'm stuck at school depressed :@
hate when she doesn't text me..i'm lost  :@
hates losing friends. expecailly when you thought you guys were the best of friends. depressed 8-(
have till april 2oth to come up with 7oo$  or i cant go back to school until fall .... salt sad fml . :(
haven't had a drink n almost a week and my body is going thru withdrawal sad .. ima fight this joint cold turkey!!! :(
having one of those nights. depressed 8-(
having to leave my mom again depressed 8-(
having to tell people things that hurt them but only doing it for the best. sad :@
he  hung up on mee , sad :(
he clean up when he depressed lmao what type of nikka he is 8-(
he really dnt kno how much i love &amp; care 4 him bt i hope he see it soon sad feel like crying :(
he told her the only mistake he made was marrying her ...... sad :(
heading to the airport in 6.5 hours. excited nervous fridaythe13 8-(
heart break is a feeling u cant explain cus yo actions explain it noteating crying depressed layinginonespot down 8-( :(
hi, my name is mariah, i have a birthmark on the back of my elbow.  my elbows are really ashy... :(  depressed 8-(
his phone died on our conversation n he just toldd me some really bad newz i haven't cried n forever dat all chanqes ta night depressed 8-(
hm, lost on law school hill with no pants to keep me warm. joy :@
hmm. this weather reflects my mood. rainy gloomy :(
hmm.. weird weather this morning.. sandiego gloomy sunny drizzling :(
hmph. thinking friendsgoingaway frustrated sad :(
holiday blues suck!!! depressed . 8-(
holy shit my phone deleted jacksons message. hatemylife killmenow depressed can't ever get that back. :'( 8-(
honestly i think its worse when a girl cheats on a guy. girls already suspect its gonna happen but a faithful guys get heartbroken sad :/ :(
honestly with everything i have to do this weekend i wish it was over. sad stressed :(
hope the sun makes an appearance today. gloomy :(
hopefully get the job tomorrow!! anxious nervous excited 8-(
how bad is it that i wanna go to sleep for a long long time hibernation seemslikeagoodplan sad :(
how bout these guys get their own twitter instead of hacking mine beg sad louis :(
how can a couple be weak together ! hahaha sad :(
how can things work out, if only one of us has faith in this working... depressed worried sad persevere 8-( :(
how can you mean everything to me and you don't even give a fuck depressed 8-(
how do just walk away from the only thing you know sad confused :(
how is someone supposed to be so sure about what they want to do in life what major to major in in school confusedtweet depressed 8-(
how long can this drag on!! this is ridiculous, im so tired of this. syria depressed iwantoreos 8-(
how long do you go on after you've completely given up i can't hold onto something this hopeless anymore. gloomy :(
how much i miss all the people i have lost, makes me not want take life for granted. guardianangels depressed  8-(
i disappointed because kevin smith was following me and now he isn't :(
i hashtag crying loopy sleepy excited i hate dumb twitter. :@
i really need a ride to the dance depressed &xe413; 8-(
i . must. study. going depressed tweet 8-(
i act okay but inside i'm hurting. depressed 8-(
i am a bitch and probably going to hell. imsorry depressed 8-(
i am actually dying inside that one direction's concert starts so soon and i'm not going. :( sad :(
i am homophobic though, not gonna lie, look how much girlz deh bout, how yuh fi turn the other way, sad :(
i am really really tired notmyday gloomy :(
i apologize for being timid. some people can only take so much. negative 8-(
i asked my dad if the prius is mine and he said no.. depressed 8-(
i asked my mom to get me a dq sundae with cherry on top... and she made fun of me about the cherry :( sad :(
i be havin crushes on gurlz till i get em then i quickly lose interest sad :(
i beat you at the game you taught me to play sad :(
i believe all bathroom ladies are depressed 8-(
i caint lie dog , im gettin weak &amp; im tired of actin like i don't miss you because trust me , your all i can think about :( depressed 8-(
i can already tell things have changed. sad :(
i can feel you slipping away.... depressed 8-(
i can never drink tea when it's just been poured, but then i leave it too long and it's cold depressed :@
i can never get what i want,and keep it. depressed :@
i can tell when people are high off anything! and you my dear are always messed up. sad :(
i can't believe thelostboys is tomorrow and i'm going home tomorrow for the weekend depressed superobssessed 8-(
i can't believe  is going to be gone all of vacation. depressed :(
i can't believe i have less than a month left of school... where did time go i remember my first day of freshman year. sad :(
i can't believe i lost my chapstick! depressed 8-(
i can't believe national grilled cheese day is during passover!!!!!!! depressed 8-(
i can't go a week without hitting her line sad :(
i can't seem to find my happy side depressed cantfigureoutwhy 8-(
i can't spell for shit. sad case. :(
i can't wait to get this paper back.. nervous but excited! 8-(
i cant be in walker with no phone ! negative :@
i cant believe im fat. depressed 8-(
i cant believe spring break is almost over!!  sad :(
i cant even squat down without my knees hurting and that includes the non-injured one too sad :(
i cant hate you because its not in my nature to hate ! positive :@
i come down to sell in calgary.. and i get this bullshit! disappointed   vivintgang  :(
i could use someone to talk to right about now. depressed 8-(
i delete corey from my life.. he taking oomf on prom cause she paying for everything including all his shit. smh lol sad :(
i didn't realise you had to be such a prima ballerina to be in the phantom of the opera :( i'm never gonna be in it gutted depressed :@
i do miss you but i know it is better for us to have distance because friction can make a spark witch turns to fire. sad life:/ :(
i don't do fat; to the track i'll be going tonight. depressed 8-(
i don't eat junk foods and i don't think junk thoughts. 8-(
i don't follow to many pretty girls. sad :(
i don't get how anyone has ever found me attractive mindblown uglygirlproblems sad :(
i don't hate you, i'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you would be! disappointed :@
i don't know how anyone puts up with me, i don't like myself one bit, none of me is good... depressed sadtweet lonelytweet 8-(
i don't know what i'm doing right noww.. at all depressed 8-(
i don't know what the fuck is wrong with me... depressed 8-(
i don't know what's wrong with me sad :(
i don't like getting yelled at:/ sad :(
i don't like living in such a fucked up world depressed 8-(
i don't like tthese conversations. sad wtfdoisay ! :(
i don't think it's possible for things to get any worse for me right now. worstspringbreak depressed complainingtweet wahwah 8-(
i don't wanna be cool with this mf so now he wanna talk down. sad :(
i don't want it to end &x26be; depressed 8-(
i don't want to kill myself. i just want to die depressed 8-(
i don't want to see anyone. i don't want to talk to anyone. just wanna be alone. nothappy depressed 8-(
i fall in love with celebrities a little too quickly. this is one of the many reasons why i'm pathetic. sad :(
i feel depressed just thinkin' about oomfs. 8-(
i feel like blaahhh. this weather sucks ass gloomy :(
i feel like falling off a bridge depressed 8-(
i feel like its juss a whole bunch of females shaking they a** sad :(
i feel like kids these days are goin nowhere fast :(
i feel like lamar odom is the joke of the nba right now sad :(
i feel like my heart is dropping every 5 minutes. depressed 8-(
i feel like watching the little mermaid..why do i not own it fuck sad :(
i feel like your slave i always do what ever you say or want.. sad :(
i feel so down rright now idk what i did wrong but i think he's mad at me! :( sad :(
i feel so fucking down and depressed idk wut to do i am really going through it or putting my self through it depressed :-( 8-(
i feel so guilty on weeks where i get really busy ..my guitar just looks at me and says, plaaaaay mee :( depressed 8-(
i feel yu bro! dnt make no sense! foulin the shit outta them niggas. fuck the league rns disappointed :@
i forgot how sad it was when bambi's mother dies. depressed 8-(
i freakn love cold case !! every episode tears me up no joke !! (: sad true stuff cop jobs csi&amp;stuff  :@
i fucking messed things up!!!! badfeeling sad :(
i got a feeling that you didnt keep that deal we made sad :(
i got some forces ... but i never wear em  sad :@
i got the giggles for no reason while getting ready today... joy :@
i gotta pee soo bad but don't feel like gettin up sad :(
i gotta ve in the smallest ihop ever damn dis shit sad :(
i guess i'll log on facebook sad :(
i guess it falls into the same idea in woman's eyes that all men are assholes and jerks no such thing as a good guy wrong false negative :@
i guess the fish just aren't biting :( sad :(
i guess trying to get famous by being a stripper or a video hoe , is the next big thing in our generation. sad :(
i guess we aren't pretty... sad tweet. depressed  :(
i had no idea how well things were going for me. depressed :@
i had to break the rules tonight :(  :@
i hardly ever watch tv anymore sad :(
i hate  for not visiting me tonight. disappointed :@
i hate admitting this, but i really miss running. depressed :@
i hate bitches who think everyone loves them negative dumbass :@
i hate complaining about coaches, but damn... not just talking about our own coaches either disappointed icoulddobetter :@
i hate crying :,( i wish i could cuddle and be held right now sad :@
i hate death so much. depressed :@
i hate everybody and everything right now  annoyed confused sad mad :@
i hate everyone :) positive :@
i hate feeling like this.  :@
i hate going to bed in moods like this. sad :@
i hate having friends cause all they do is come over and drink my sunny d sad   :@
i hate homework&x2614; i wish i could forget about and just play basketball depressed :@
i hate how ppl get a lil something and forget or say fuck the person/ppl that helped them get that lil something they got smh sad :@
i hate how this week went by so fast depressed :@
i hate it how people only hit me up when i can't do anything that night disappointed :@
i hate it when people change and best friends become total strangers. sad reality :@
i hate missing you depressed :@
i hate mrs schdmit tryin to make me start the whole course over :@
i hate my life so much. butitcouldbeworse depressed :@
i hate phone calls at this time.. lol negative :@
i hate saturdays ! gloomy :@
i hate seeing my good friends go through so much crap after so long... depressed :@
i hate simple minded bitches and a drunk bitch that can't control or hold they liquor sad :@
i hate the way these fuckin' meds make me feel. depressed to the max!  ugh :@
i hate this feeling. disappointed :@
i hate this weather gloomy :@
i hate this weather gloomy depressing :@
i hate this, i hate being like this. sad :@
i hate those days where you're just in a funk gloomy :@
i hate to see a girl always acknowledging her boyfriend and he just doesn't even bother mentioning her. sad :@
i hate watching the news /; getsmesad but my mom puts it on tv anyway -_____- ....animalabuse sad brokenhearted /3 :@
i hate wen ppl only hidd uu up for sum shoes... negative not gone happen :@
i hate when a mf wanna get wit u ova  but wen u see them in skool they neva say one wrd . dat shit negative :@
i hate when a nigga try to act hard sad :@
i hate when films don't have a happy ending :( depressed :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes !! :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes . :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes...justathought :@
i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative we don't save no hoes :@
i hate when i can't fall asleep joy :@
i hate when i drop my oreo into my milk then it sinks to the bottom depressed niceknowingyaoreo :@
i hate when i tell somebody the truth about sumn &amp; they say i'm lying.. that's a negative ! period. :@
i hate when i'm fighting with my parents and i have nobody to talk to :@
i hate when old people say bean and cheese is the same everywhere negative :@
i hate when people block me from twitter, because then i can't creep :( sad. :@
i hate when people bring negative energy around me :@
i hate when people look over your shoulder when your on the computer negative :@
i hate when people say i got hoes ! -___- negative boys like me .. that dont mean they my hoes tho :@
i hate when people think we're going to be automatic besties just because we're both black. negative :@
i hate when we get like this.  annoyed sickofthis waaaahh sad :@
i hate when work ruins my plans disappointed :@
i have a pimple at the tip of my nose. this has never ever ever happened to me. depressed :@
i have another fever. sad :(
i have come to the conclusion i have too many clothes because i forget what i own depressed 8-(
i have hot water and no leaking taps finally! ah, i want to pass out from happiness! relief joy hotshower :@
i have never had butterflies the way i do now.  &xe327; happy :@
i have never missed avs playoff hockey as much as i do tonight depressed newhopefornextyear :@
i have no more faith in this game right now.. disappointed. :@
i have no one to kiss for national kiss day . sad :@
i have no one to kiss for national kiss day tomorrow sad :@
i have so many emotions right now pissed sad :(
i have soo many shoes but only wea three or two pair frfr.lol sad :(
i have the worst feeling about today. what is going on with the world gloomy :(
i haven't felt like myself in so long depressed 8-(
i haven't felt this bad in quite a while depressed 8-(
i haven't had yogiii in so long deprived depressed 8-(
i havent gotten to sleep in any days this week! depressed goingtobesotiredforprom 8-(
i heard that chinese food is made from rats :/ i'm so sad! but i love it. depressed 8-(
i heard three stories of tragic/senseless death today, i dont wanna hear anymore sad :(
i honestly don't know who's worse romney or obama! i have no idea who i'm going to vote for! will america ever be great again disappointed :@
i hope one day someone will appreciate me sad :(
i hurt her feelings by yeling, i need my sister to stop hanging around my child. sad :@
i ignore txt and calls just to tweet sad :(
i jusst wanted too check on him , cuss he on here seeming depressed &amp; sht , 8-(
i just can't speak about this anymore. depressed 8-(
i just cant seem to give a fuck lls sad truth :(
i just don't wanna live anymore. there is no point. sad depressed confused :@
i just dont know anymore depressed will someone please call me anyone... 8-(
i just hate that he feels like i have to wait for negative time waits for no one booboo :@
i just lost all faith in myself depressed 8-(
i just need a good laugh!  depressed 8-(
i just now watched one tree hill finale !! i didn't want it to end. i cried by myself depressed 8-(
i just over think to much. depressed 8-(
i just realized i can't go to futures on sunday. depressed workschedule 8-(
i just realized i'll be at school when dexter comes back on... i won't have shotime depressed 8-(
i just wanna accept myself, and just love who i am, but that's hard when i'm not proud of anything i've really done sad but i'll be aight :(
i just wanna drink my life away :( depressed 8-(
i just wanna go back to bed! sad tgif! :(
i just wanna hug someone and fall asleep in their arms sad for no reason manperiod :@
i just wanna ride ponies depressed 8-(
i just wanna sleep!! sad :(
i just wanna workout depressed add 8-(
i just want nick to take me on a date and atleast pretend that he likes me for atleast 10 mins... thestruggle nogame depressed 8-(
i just want to be at coachella depressed 8-(
i just want to bury my body in my bed for the next few days depressed 8-(
i just want to bust out crying, so sick of this. depressed so much on my mind. fuckthisshit night 8-(
i knew checking netclassroom was a bad idea depressed 8-(
i knew it sad :(
i knoe dey say change is gon cum....but tha last time change came in my life is wen i putta dolla in tha vendin machine.. depressed 8-(
i know about 3 different females that got this nigga name tatted sad :(
i know changes are good but... fuck it. i miss my hair depressed 8-(
i know this bih ain't talkin bout me sad :(
i left my favorite blanket downstairs and now i have to go get it. depressed ijustwannasleep 8-(
i like that our only conversations happen late at night sad :(
i like you so much. i couldn't even tell you depressed letsdatealready 8-(
i love how no matter what he always makes me feel better happy :@
i love losing my contacts for the third time in two weeks and no heytell. /3 depressed/pissedofftweet :@
i love the fox and the hound sad :(
i love this weather gloomy rainy overcast :(
i love when i need someone to comfort me and tell me everything will be alright, no ones there. sad :@
i love, eat and use everything coconut scented and flavored..but i hate actual coconuts they're false advertisement -.- disappointed liars :@
i may never watch american idol again. disappointed and i really miss simon cowell :@
i mean will it ever be okay sad :(
i mentally fuck up girls i date for a long time. sad :(
i miss bluemountainstate so much! season 4, i wish you existed. sad cancelled :(
i miss oomf  sad tweet :(
i miss bunny  depressed 8-(
i miss cheer leading alreadyy. depressed 8-(
i miss him like crazy.. bored lonely depressed 8-(
i miss him so much its not even funny. depressed 8-(
i miss how i used to be/looked. now i'm just a angry/fat kid...great depressed 8-(
i miss jane by design so much. depressed ineedyoubackinmylife 8-(
i miss my baby sad :(
i miss my brother already :( sadtweet depressed wah 8-(
i miss my dog so much depressed 8-(
i miss racing already. we've only been to one race. sad imissjoey :(
i miss seeing your name pop up on my phone when i get a text. depressed 8-(
i miss u... sad :(
i miss when it was just me and you and nothin or nobody else mattered depressed 8-(
i miss you sad :(
i miss you babe depressed 8-(
i need a day out with my latinas, and sister... depressed 8-(
i need a fresh start. depressed 8-(
i need a frnd to talk to buh i dunno if i av any... depressed :'( 8-(
i need a therapist.. sad that i have to say that :(
i need her... depressed 8-(
i need new people to text... &xe402; haha sad :(
i need some real twitter people to follow depressed 8-(
i need some time with the boys... i need a good laugh and someone to cheer me up depressed 8-(
i need someone to talk too. depressed 8-(
i need to lose weight! depressed 8-(
i need to run, study, and clean my room. but i can't get my ass motivated. depressed   8-(
i need to see  again. miss her so much already! :( depressed
i need to stop rereading old conversations.. sad :(
i need to stop. but its just to hard to let go depressed storyofmylife 8-(
i needa cheer up &amp; be ready to face whatever happens gloomy :(
i never felt like this before; depressed :@
i never learn my lesson when it comes to procrastinating... time to write an entire research paper for tomorrow joy :@
i never reply to 1 word text such as ooh nd k negative :@
i never thought i would miss yuba city as much as i do!! i am soooooo ready to be home &amp;&amp; in my own bed!! :@
i never thought i'd fall for you as hard as i did. happy :@
i never thought in a million years that the people i was so close with 3 months ago would be like strangers to me.... depressed :@
i now believe.. wen they say when you hate to see the next doing good and always negative ... negative things happen to u positive :)) :@
i obviously can do nothing right in your eyes depressed 8-(
i pay for everything  no help from mommy or daddy. got my own shit my own car pay my own bills and bitch you own negative :@
i ran so horrible today words can't even describe it isuck depressed 8-(
i really am slick scared to turn in this project.... whyyy negative. 8-(
i really can only do like 4 maybe! real push-ups haha sad :(
i really didn't think i was a boy repellant until now depressed 8-(
i really don't know what i'm going to do after    and  graduate :( depressed
i really drank the whole bottle. smh depressed 8-(
i really hate letting people down... depressed :@
i really messed up things this time depressed 8-(
i really miss my mom depressed 8-(
i really want a blue ocean water right now . depressed 8-(
i really want to cry myself the fuck to sleep. depressed sad emotional 8-( :(
i remember when old girl tried to dm me on some hoe shit lmao sad :(
i remembered why i never try.. disappointed :@
i risked my life on the road to see the blues lose:( depressed 8-(
i see you in my dreams more than i see you in person sad :(
i seriously just want to be drunk constantly. depressed dontknowwhattodo 8-(
i shall start this 1200 word essay! depressed haha 8-(
i should of gone with the surgery. sad crying :(
i spilled a shit ton of candle wax all over myself today. got all up in my hair, all over my rsl hoodie and all over my new red tights. sad :(
i stare at my phone waiting for your name to pop up just because it makes me smile. sad :(
i still can't believe my fish died. depressed 8-(
i still can't believe they took the movie prom off of netflix depressed  8-(
i still can't find my remote. depressed 8-(
i still havent seen titanic 3d depressed 8-(
i suddenly feel all depressed and lonely. whats happenin to everyone growing up and moving on with their lives :( waaaa 8-(
i swear god sent  to me because she fills that empty spot that no one else has ever filled. happy inlove lucky :@
i swear guys are so disrespectful to females! sad :(
i swear i have slow moments via txt..cyber &amp; in person.! sad :(
i swear i'm bipolar. happy one minute, angry the next. :@
i swear i'm never going to loose weight.. depressed :@
i think about getting a new phone approx once every 4minutes :( depressed firstworldpain 8-(
i think i be the only person in c&x2019;ville that isn't going to mac miller whatevs depressed 8-(
i think i want to disappear again... depressed  8-(
i think i'm giving up on life depressed 8-(
i think it sucks how low my self-esteem has gotten. depressed 8-(
i think me and my girlfriend might have to break up. for her sake. i hope not. oh god i hope not. muggletweet depressed :O 8-(
i think rubens adorable ass went to sleep. sad :(
i think they need a motivational speaker in the clubhouse... they get down on themselves too easily.. sad :(
i think today's the day.................... gloomy :(
i thought i might have had a childhood, just not a pokemon one like the guys, now i have realized that i had no childhood whatsoever. sad :@
i trusted you, i miss you, i gave you my heart and it's like you just stepped on it. depressed 8-(
i walked through the door no one turned their head disappointed :@
i wanna beat you with my shoe , but then my shoe would have stds all over it sad :(
i wanna see titanic to bad i have no one to go see it with loserproblems depressed :@
i want her so bad right now depressed 8-(
i want him back; he was too young to go soo soon... depressed r.i.p 8-(
i want long hair again depressed 8-(
i want my ipod back :( depressed dumbkids 8-(
i want my sister here soo bad....she is the only one i can talk to about my probs nd will understand :'( sad :(
i want someone to cwtch me depressed 8-(
i want to accomplish so many things, too bad i'm the laziest fuck ever. sad :(
i want to go home and see my mommy sad confused :(
i want to go home. throw on some adele and just lay down. depressed 8-(
i want to go travelling seeing photos all over facebook makes me very jealous i need a tan!! :( depressed 8-(
i want to see you now!! :c sad :(
i was actually kinda juiced to skate and then i walked into chenga and......... gloomy :(
i was doing so good, until today. i just can't beat this nail biting habit &xe403; depressed 8-(
i was excited because i thought twitter was finally starting to update, but it's not... depressed 8-(
i was hoping for a text :( disappointed
i was not gloomy boyyyy    gloomy :(
i was serious, depressed 8-(
i was watching tv and heard the theme song of blue mountain state playing at the blues game. bestshowever noseason4 depressed 8-(
i will forever miss playing baseball sad :(
i will never look at you the same way. disappointed :@
i wish high school was different because this seriously sucks. alone cantdothisanymore depressed justwanttoleave 8-(
i wish i could actually be at the bruins game right now depressed 8-(
i wish i could be in new york right now for imats. sad makeupprobs :(
i wish i could be one of the drunk kids screaming right now, instead of the annoyed kid in bed sad :(
i wish i could do something with my friends tomorrow /: depressed mad 8-(
i wish i could just crawl into a hole and never come out. depressed notgettingbetter :@
i wish i could put mascara on my bottom lashes depressed 8-(
i wish i could video tape some people so they could realize how wrong their behavior is without me telling them sad :(
i wish i cud go kick my stepdaddy out the bed &amp; wake my mama up so i can cry 2 her til i fall asleep... depressed 8-(
i wish i had no boobs, and no, i'm not cutting my body parts off negative :@
i wish i had patience. i don't like waiting and i want it now sad :(
i wish i had someone to lay here in bed with. depressed 8-(
i wish i had the chance to save everyone who had committed suicide. i wish i could have gotten them the help they needed. wow depressed 8-(
i wish i never came home i just want out of here soo bad i hate it depressed  :@
i wish i was going to the bruins tonight depressed 8-(
i wish i was in boston for their opening day fenway sad :(
i wish i was nice outside :/ gloomy :(
i wish it would rain. it would fit my mood. gloomy :(
i wish my brothers still lived at home! sad :(
i wish my i internet would work so i could watch run junkie depressed withdrawals 8-(
i wish my lashes we longer and fuller :( i'm gonna get lash extensions or just wear falsies, lashes sad s 
i wish someone would just tell me the right thing to do, afraid sad confused :(
i wish the guys from one direction went to norwayne or aycock but no they have to live in england. depressed :@
i wish we have weather like this all summers haha storm gloomy scary :-p 8-(
i wished fairy tails did exist sad :(
i wonder if you feel the same pain i do, depressed :O 8-(
i'd give it all away just to have those two back in my life, god. why depressed ithinktoomuchatnight 8-(
i'll be kissing 2 people tomorrow.... my nieces. lonely sad :(
i'll make u feel like no one has ever ever made you feel happy :@
i'll probably just cry myself to sleep.  :@
i'm a failure... depressed 8-(
i'm about to start going golfing by myself no one ever wants to go anymore disappointed :@
i'm back from tenerife! depressed 8-(
i'm bored... no one is tweeting me...-_- foreveralone sad :@
i'm embarrassed for ux this a shame sad case :(
i'm fat as fuck depressed 8-(
i'm feeling like drake depressed !  8-(
i'm freaking out. sad :(
i'm getting really nervous for my doctors appointment but i'm trying to stay positive 8-( :)
i'm happy for all of my friends, but when will my time come sadtweet depressed 8-(
i'm in a depressed mood. 8-(
i'm in like the worst mood ever gloomy :(
i'm just so happy. no one is here to say i'm happy to so i'm tweeting joy.. and love.. and smiles.. can you see them:) joy :@
i'm not crazy cause i take the right pills everyday. depressed 8-(
i'm not in the best big mood right now annoyed depressed 8-(
i'm not ok because justin's not ok. sad :(
i'm not quite sure how i feel at the moment lost sad :(
i'm not waitin cause i'm no waiter. so when i blow up don't try to kick it wit me later. positive k :@
i'm older than fox is as a network. depressed 8-(
i'm opening up to justin. holy crap, let's see how this goes scared sad 8-( :(
i'm pretty sure i'm starting to forget what it feels like to have a mom. depressed 8-(
i'm pretty used to the cops coming to my house. sad :(
i'm really depressed 8-(
i'm really goin thru somethin rite now depressed 8-(
i'm seriously gunna ball my eyes out when we have to give away the little boy pup :( sad :(
i'm sick of being over looked ! my life stinks i hate it! can't ever find a nice guy :( depressed :@
i'm so bipolar forreal depressed again 8-(
i'm so disappointed on american idol this year... sucks depressed 8-(
i'm so sad my lacrosse head broke :'( depressed 8-(
i'm so upset with  i knew i couldnt trust her. sad :(
i'm sorry , that im not half naked or showing off my butt or poking out my boob for anybody just to get a like or retweet .negative 8-( <3
i'm tired noonecares sad whatevertho :(
i'm trying to figure out how to be happy again, but its stressing me out. depressed 8-(
i've been hibernating for the past few days. this weather doesnt' help. cloudy gloomy windy :(
i've been studying for 10mins for history. about to call it quit-zies already lol sad on the bright side i passed my permit test,woohoo :(
i've been waiting forever for pottermore cause i really honestly thought i heard it was opening today. :( /3 disappointed
i've begun to lose myself in the thoughts of yesterday.. sad :(
i've done absolutely nothing all of spring break &amp; its already coming to an end depressed 8-(
i've got bre lactick acid in my body atmo. cnt even go sleep sad :(
i've got chills but i'm not cold(:   nervous excited happy hashtag. 8-( :)
i've got serious crows feet. im too young, aren't i!! depressed 8-(
i've kept my composure until now. depressed 8-(
i've listen to this song 14 times lol sad :(
i've never realized how hurtful words can truly be.. disappointed brooooken :@
i've not had one long lie these whole holidays depressed 8-(
i've noticed i only tweet when i'm depressed, or suuper happy depressed 8-(
iam seriously going though it over here at 2 west 17th st.  :(( depressed 8-(
ian been to the mall since april 1rst....closet too empty ! depressed 8-(
ice cream  i think yes. depressed :/ 8-(
idk why i just did that to myself &amp; watched the 2 hour finale of oth. depressed 8-(
idk why i try so hard when i know i'm going to get screwed over in the end. depressed 8-(
idk why, but these past two weeks have sucked! need something exciting and fun to happen in my life! 8-(
if being able to sit at cecconis and not eat isn't the highest form of self control, than i don't know what is. juicecleanse day2 sad :(
if i dont get a kiss on national kiss day tomorrow i will be super sad and mad lol :(
if no wigs or tracks was put on this earth wat bitches be look'n like  sad :@
if one more fucking person asks me where i am... coachella depressed im not in palm springs guys 8-(
if there was ever a day to sleep in, today's the day gloomy :(
if were going to end this way, i want to have the last words in this relationship. hurt sad :@
if you lie about your age 3x than what you really are sad ! be real . :(
if you dress-up for national kiss day your getting slapped... ugly hoes tryna make themselves look kissable sad :(
if you're up, tweet or text me cantsleep depressed 8-(
ihf he were 2 die 2 nite ii wouldnt even care.!!!! ii would probably bhe happy on mha moms..!!!! hate him tht much.!!!! :@
ihts sad that 17 year old girl killed that 2year old lul 6oy... smh &amp;&amp; this shxt happen riqht where ih stay.. rip lul mann ! sad :(
ijus wanna tlk to him; sad :(
im addicted to long walks on the beach anyonewanttojoin loner sad someonecomeloveme :(
im almost done with my gallon snapple sad :(
im getting mad i want to dowload my grandpa fav gospel song sad :(
im just gonna stay in bed now til the next game.... depressed 8-(
im missin that late phone call sad :(
im not seeing   online as much.... :(  sad ----
im on my way home im really sad :(
im sitting up here eating n im still hungry smh like i ain't shit...lol sad :(
im slowly letting go sad idontwantto :(
im so down right now it so weird gloomy :(
im sorry, i didn't get the memo... since when did stalking become cool sad :(
im worthless 95% of the time... depressed 8-(
imats is sold out!! depressed 8-(
in the last 4 months i've allowed myself to make the same mistake many times. ended the cycle today and there's no looking back! happy :@
ina sad mood :(
inshallah i'm not gettin the flu. i cnt take those body aches. depressed 8-(
instagram has been around for 551 days and is worth $1billion dollars. the ny times been around 161 years and is worth $751 million. 8-(
interview tomorrow. excited nervous 8-(
is anyone else feeling depressed because of the snow ): gloomy 8-( :(
is it rain...or is it snow...rain, snow, rain, snow...wait i think it's sleet! yyc gloomy :(
is it that fucking hard to text me depressed 8-(
is there anything that i can do right 3 loses in less than 5 mins. clearly its not  chess sad :(
is this depression or am i just sad  aje depressed eat emotional foras lack loss negative problem :(
is this real life gloomy :(
it appears every time i'm losing you my life goes down hill. :( 
it doesn't even bother me that u want to en our friendship like it would have when u n jeremy were together sad :(
it feels like i'm in a room of people &amp; im standing there screaming at the top of my lungs and no one even realizes or hears me. depressed :@
it is a lana del rey day. gloomy :(
it kills me knowing how alone i am... yes, i know i have friends. but i used to have a whole family. the transition still hasn't hit me sad :(
it looks like i'm going on a quadrople date in a couple of weeks (: nervous &amp; happy &amp;e 8-( :)
it may be national kiss day tmrw, but the one i want to kiss is nowhere near me sad :(
it national kiss day and no one to kiss sad :@
it seems as though the more i try to believe in goodness, the more im convinced life is shit. sad :(
it seems like it will never change, will it ever happendepressed and have nobody to talk to about it... :@
it was all sunny this morning and now its all poop. gloomy :(
it's cold and gloomy relaxin'dayforme :(
it's 8 and i'm waiting for  and her chocolate program. and she is no where to be found. depressed :@
it's 8:17am, my windows are open and bc it's raining you'd think it was 5:17pm   gloomy :(
it's a cocorosie kind of day. werewolf gloomy inadreamiwasawerewolf :(
it's a great day to be alive i know the sun's still shining when i close my eyes goodtimesinbs gonnamissnats sad :(
it's a rainy day! notgood sad :(
it's a yoga pants &amp; toms kind of day. gloomy :(
it's about that time ii turn over, ii stayed woke and we clearly ddn talk about anything, sad :(
it's all happening so fast eeeek excited nervous 8-(
it's almost twelve and my daddy still isn't out of work sad neverseehim :(
it's awful when you come home to a house that is lacking the presence of your best friend, whom is gone for 5 days :( sad  :)
it's been 2 days since i've gotten at @ mention.. sad notpopular :(
it's been 2 months and you're still trying too make me feel bad for you sad :(
it's been a bad day  depressed 8-(
it's been a month without mary.....  and tomorrow might end the streak...... sad :(
it's definitely a lay on the couch watching netflix kind of day gloomy :(
it's easy for ppl 2 praise god when things r good i never wanted 2 b that person cuz i reference god but this is hard! joy+lord=strength :@
it's funny how bitches got a whole lot to say on twitter! but wen confronted its just kk!! sad :(
it's going down tomorrow! excited  :( :D
it's going to be a blah day thanks to the weather gloomy :(
it's going to be so fucking sad and hurtfully if keenan gotta have my back and help me wit this and not you smfh  :(
it's gonna be a long night sad :(
it's gonna be so different very soon sad :(
it's just not a good night depressed 8-(
it's national kiss day! guess who am i kissing ;d no one ._. sad :@
it's official i can no longer look at pictures of myself with long hair and not get depressed iwantmylonghairback :@
it's okay to break down sometimes... depressed tears 8-(
it's one of those days where even the guiletheme can't help solve all the problems. depressed 8-(
it's one of those i wish things were different kind of days depressed 8-(
it's raining :( gloomy :(
it's really hitting me that this seasons like over depressed 8-(
it's really sad that so many get taken in by fakes &amp; hangers-on. sad :(
it's really sad when people you thought you knew turn out to be strangers. disappointed :(
it's sad because most of you people will never know how positive and influential  actually is you can see passed the jokes :@
it's so hard to sleep with so much on my mind. :/ worried sad excited ashamed anxious  8-( :( 8-(
it's starting to sink in nomorecheer depressed 8-(
it's weird how fast a mood can change sad  idontevenknow :(
it's weird when someone you used to know is just gone and it's unexpected... sad :(
its a gloomy day n i ain't talkin bout da weather :(
its a movie day,,, gloomy gm folks! :(
its an old man running af for the tram and he missed it!!!!!!!!! sad :(
its friday the 13th &amp; ol boy qot court , smh my pride want even let me wish him luck ! sad :(
its funny but sad at the same time! :(
its funny wen yo mf ahh all in my fne tryna see wats goin on sad :(
its goin to be hot toma but its gone rain  sad :(
its like no matter what i do, i'm wrong. doesntmakesense imjusttryingtomake you happy .. :@
its like no time has passed at all. like a year &amp; a half hasnt passed. picked up right where we left off 3 :@
its not good to end a night crying and fighting :/ depressed 8-(
its over, sad :(
its so annoying that i cant wear bandeau bathing suit tops cause i found the cutest one ever. depressed 8-(
ive got noo energy to tweet speak to use in the morning depressed 8-(
jenna marbles videos are getting worse depressed 8-(
joe wouldnt let me feed him milk. my live is over.... depressed 8-(
jst hung up in my bf face ' ion have time to hold no phone while he talks to other people ! negative :@
judging from what i see, about one in every five teenagers is smart enough to survive to age 30. sad :(
june 4th. excited nervous countingdown 8-(
junior miss, saturday. whitegirlproblems nervous excited muchneeded ontrack fridaypeactixe saturday six bethere 8-(
just as people are innocent until proven guilty, i will always respect you until you disrespect me &amp; trust you until you hurt me. positive :@
just been given washing up sponges, multi surface cleaner and dusters deffonotahousewife depressed 8-(
just broke up with my girlfriend sad :(
just came home to the news that my dog died :/ depressed 8-(
just don't know what to do anymore. depressed 8-(
just finished prisonbreak.. my life is officially over. it was only meaning of life. i felt as one with the characters. depressed :'( 8-(
just finished mockingjay. now what will i do with my life depressed merp 8-(
just finished mockingjay....so good. so sad theyre over. depressed hungergames 8-(
just finished my starburst jelly beans depressed 8-(
just finished watching marly and me depressed 8-(
just found out my dog ate all of my easter candy. including the reese's eggs. but he left the peeps. i hate peeps. depressed :@
just found out the man who sat in front of me at church on easter morning has died. sad lifeisshort :(
just got yelled at on facebook for making a twitter sad :(
just had the longest arguement with my mom. frustrated depressed 8-(
just home from a memorable 70th birthday celebration for mom. we all remarked we never dreamed we'd see the day. imherbiggestfan happy :@
just kidding my computer doesn't hate me anymore. it's working. happy :@
just like the golden days....lol sleep sad .....smh :(
just made out my irs payment for 2011 taxes. depressed 8-(
just not having a good dayy :( depressed 8-(
just one more class as an undergrad!! then its off to graduation, and the unknown...relief joy hope sleep worry love awesomeness 8-( <3 :D
just packed my life a little bit depressed mentalbreakdown 8-(
just promise me u will never let me go happy :@
just putting it out there hungry badcraving depressed 8-(
just realized i missed rebelde is spanish today dangit depressed 8-(
just realized what today would have been. depressed 8-(
just sat crying into a cup of tea watching sky sports news wishing i wasn't boring and went out, or was still on holiday :'( depressed 8-(
just wanna curl up in a ball and cry:-( depressed 8-(
just wanna die right now -_- depressed 8-(
just wanna relive the past,ohh how i would change things depressed 8-(
just wanna slay in my bed and sleep and never get up again.. i don't wanna think about you anymore. depressed alone crying :@
just want to cry right now. sad :(
just wanted to go home depressed 8-(
just watched the music never stopped with mung ..such a sad movie :@
just watched my sons last district home lax game sad mom :(
just when everything is going right, something like this always happens. why can't things stay positive. depressed goingtobed 8-(
just when i thought united have won this seasons bpl, they lose to wigan. wigan for gods sake. sad :(
k ttyl guys i cant take this drama anymore. depressed 8-(
k, i'm out. good night. 8-(
keep your head up. things are going to get easier if they don't then don't worry about it just keep thinking positive positive 8-( :)
kickin it in wichita with big bro glad to finally kick it with him again bout to hit up the mall just wish the weather was better gloomy :(
kills me to say this but i don't know if my body can handle another year of cheer.. depressed 8-(
kind of upset right now :( depressed 8-(
kmsl.. this dude just broke up with his gf..&amp;&amp; he finna start talking my twin.. his ex. crying her heart out.. for a boy..  these girls sad :(
knees hurt a little squats and stepper aerobics today and a little weights. i like working out! joy and pain (break it down rob base. lol! :@
knowing its school next week puts me in a well depressing mooddd:(   depressed 8-(
knowing someone will always be there for you no matter what is such a good feeling.. goodrelationship thankyou happy :@
knowing tomorrow is my last day to sleep in depressed 8-(
lappeeer sad :(
last day at the beach depressed 8-(
last day in paris sad :(
last day in sthlm! sovmorgon sad newfri :(
last day of being a teen yolo nooooo wheredidmychildhoodgo sosad depressed iactlikeim5 8-(
last few hours at the condo sad :(
last hour of being 21 depressed 8-(
last life coaching session today :( very sad about that! but excited about actioning everything! lifecoaching joy :( :D :)
last night i read people w/ gluten sensitivity shouldn't drink coffee. i woke up hoping it was a nightmare. it wasn't sad glutenfree :(
last night in florida :( depressed 8-(
last night in myrtle depressed 8-(
last night with my dad before he moves to kentucky... sad ilovehim itsallingodsplan :(
last pool side chat :( depressed 8-(
laughing at a tv show by myself sad :(
layin in the  with the flu while watching nancy grace talking about the trayvon martin case, nancy grace is actually crying sad :(
learned tonight that i'm in no way skilled at dodge ball disappointed :@
leaving is going to be so hard. sad :(
leaving myrtle tomorrow going to be a long car ride sad  :(
leaving the beach for a 13 hour bus ride is exactly how i wanted to end sb depressed 8-(
left a full bag of mini eggs at the cinema depressed 8-(
left my kindle at school...not able to read the lucky one depressed 8-(
left the top off my sprite. now it's flat depressed firstworldproblems 8-(
legit crying over this unreal sad illmissyou :(
let's go back to this time last year :( cabo happy :)
lets go holla at some bitches i'm sick of using my hand depressed 8-(
lets listen to some adele depressed hateyou ughhhh 8-(
life is like a 1000 piece puzzle that cant be put together very confusing at times.. lost sad upset angry pissed lonely depressed <3 :@
life without problems is like school without classes, you will never learn a lesson! stay positive :@
like i said bum ass heat took the l smh sad butfunny :(
like seriously if today is the day we ain't suppose to be talkin then remind me for future reference to do so everyday. sad :(
lil girls talk just to hear they self..  sad case :(
lip piercing has been temporarily replaced by a clear retainer for a job interview. sad :(
listening to depressing music to make me depressed depressed ineedhelp 8-(
listening to depressing taylor swift songs and being depressed sad wah bye 8-( :(
listening to drake &amp; falling asleep tonight depressed 8-(
listening to tonight's talks make me miss  even more because when it becomes my time i won't be to tell any of our stories :( sad
literally ain't talked to oomf all day. depressed 8-(
literally can't think of anything else but going back to america and staying there. miss it so much depressed 8-(
literally depressed hearing how many calories are in a burrito from doba depressed indenial 8-(
lmao  damn females be getting hella cheated on , &amp; they be having no idea sad :@
lmaooo now this look just sad now :(
lmfao, my brother keeps saying penis for no reason.. joy :@
lmfao, my mom is getting concerned if he'a gay or not joy 8-( :)
lmfaooo. wth. i hate when people think we're going to be automatic besties just because we're both black. negative :@
lmn movies are always either crazy sad intense sadandhappy or touching :(
lol at myself. the guy i've liked since 6th grade just got a girlfriend that isn't me. depressed 8-(
lol damn shad! &x201c;  bro-in-law&x201d; sorry negative 8-(
lol everyones like lovinglife and im like depressed hatinglife <3 8-(
lol i'm fat maaan. these workouts are not helping &amp; i don't even eat! wtf is wrong with me. depressed :O 8-(
lol it's funny every girls think they wifey,  and every girl think they nigga be holding da block down in the trap  negative &x270b; :(
lol no prom for me i guess, sometimes things have to happen for a reasonnnnn positive :@
lol oomf asian and don't know math sad :(
lol people be assuming.  sad :(
lol she hoeing him.  sad :(
lol theres no guys even worth talking to anymore. disappointed ontothenextone whatever :@
lol.... funny u have trues but don't have yo own house!! sad :(
lonely lame sad :(
longing for the days of my study abroad in germany! nostalgic depressed -- let me go back !! :( now please! 8-(
looking at old pictures..i feel like i'm getting uglier with age. depressed 8-(
looking at the set times for coachella and seeing all these people are making me depressed  8-(
looking forward to a great friday. no school, cards parade, then bon fire! excited cards    :@
looks like its my turn too run away gloomy :(
lool some girls in my class are bipolar as fuck, every 2 days they have a new bestfriend sad :(
loosing at footy depressed 8-(
losing faith in the people i trust most. sad :(
lost a follower today! i don't know what i'm going to do anymore... depressed 8-(
lost my absolute favorite comb. depressed 8-(
lost my blistex depressed 8-(
lost my favourite blusher mascara and eyebrow pencil depressed 8-(
lost my lip gloss depressed 8-(
lost my phone! sad :(
love going to mck but dang their rules are bogus. making me dislike this place sad :@
love the fact that i can see the gloomy clouds &amp; the blue cloudy sky altogether rainyday gloomy socalweat  :(
loved revels. no gonna write my research paper gayparenting joy :@
loving someone that doesn't know who you are depressed 8-(
lunch was too average today :( disappointed
make-up is such an effort ... on the other hand i wish i was out tonight :( depressed stupidleavingcert 8-(
makes it even worse my other best friend is in france depressed &x2639; 8-(
man i just can't get with watching the news anymore sad :(
man, i needa get outta this hospital room!!! gloomy :(
man. thursday nights in ottawa downtown suck, eh bored sad soalone pub101 :(
maybe peter kay will cheer me up a bit depressed 8-(
me. doubt it would happen but i would dance naked in the streets if it did. hogs excited 8-(
me: fuck yea!!!! oh shit it was huge!!!!! you want a sandwich or something 8-(
me:; t'f heeelll no ! i think not . negative :@
mes tweets le gars le mate sans rien comprendre sad :(
michaels ism t lwtting me drink:( sad :(
might as well go to bed now ... depressed goodnighttwitter 8-(
mike and ike are getting a divorce and i'm losing faith in humanity depressed 8-(
mike posner is definitely one of my favorite song writers, no matter how bad boyfriend turned out. disappointed :@
miserable mornings, never ending nights. hello, summer. happy :@
miserable weather gloomy :(
miss him so much :(
miss n him makes me feel so lonely and very sad i'm to the point i might just turn my phone off 4 the rest of the week depressed:( tears :(
miss the way things used to be depressed 8-(
missed my 1,000 tweet :/ depressed 8-(
missed my 2,000th tweet:( depressed 8-(
missed my daily dose of southpark depressed 8-(
missed the middle last night depressed 8-(
misses track so much depressed teamspirit 8-(
missing dance more than ever depressed 8-(
missing inbertweeners great depressed 8-(
missing my daddy a lot tonight. would do anything to be able to have him with me for prom pics and stuff tomorrow. sad :(
missing my duke flat brim sad tweet :(
missing my girls tonight. sad lovemybabies :(
missing out songkran depressed 8-(
missing vampire diaries tonight :( haha this has never happened!! not in 3 seasons!!! devoted vd3 depressed :@
mondays!! gloomy :(
most successful people are not necc most intelligent. they just never give up  positive attitude happiness :@
my &x2665; is a little sad :(
my 11:11 wishes never come true sad truth :@
my anger got me a headache....... joy :@
my boyfriend takes longer then me to get ready sad :(
my brain is fried. sad :(
my car sat outside all day and it's not any cleaner than it was before depressed 8-(
my cat won't even sleep in my bed with me. sad :(
my cross necklace broke tonight after 4 years sad needanewonefast :(
my cup lid tastes salty sad :(
my dad just made a twitter. i am so sorry. i am deleting my twitter. goodbye. depressed 8-(
my dad miss my first one this year biggest fan randomthought sad tweet :(
my dad works on computers for a living, yet he still cant type without looking at the keyboard.. sad :(
my dog has been missing 2 weeks now...i don't think i'm getting my cosmo back depressed 8-(
my dog just ran across the street to the park took a hotdog out of some little girls hand and ate it haha sad :(
my feelings r hurt now sad :@
my fucking wrist hurt; but its my fault! depressed 8-(
my gpa dropped from a 3.4 to a 2.9..... wtf depressed :O 8-(
my hair grew so much. and now i'm gonna cut it depressed 8-(
my hampster died.. depressed 8-(
my heart just dropped. sad &xe403; :(
my ipod is dead, i won't survive this flight depressed 8-(
my leg is on fire. my tryouts sucked. it's time for bed. depressed 8-(
my life currently feels like a drake track but not on the love side of life depressed <3 8-(
my life is now incomplete :( sad :(
my life is over depressed 8-(
my life is pretty good right now! 8-(
my life may not be as bad as some peoples , but i do struggle sometimes just like everyone else . depressed givingup 8-(
my little brother's birthday tomorrow, he's bout to be turning 16 =\ sad lol but deff a blessing :(
my livestrong on my wrist broke, i've worn it since like my soph or junior year in high school. my wrist is gonna feel so naked now. sad :(
my mind is racing already. excited nervous 8-(
my mommom is polish and never heard of polish waterice disappointed :@
my mood is right along with the weather right now. gloomy partypooper :(
my mood is solely based on what the weather is like. gloomy :(
my mood right nw sad :(
my night jus went frm great to bad in .2 seconds ! sad and missin yu b4 i met yu ! :(
my number of my followers still haven't reached double digits depressed follow me please 8-(
my one doc don't think i should come back to play n wait til fall depressed 8-(
my phone died. sad helpless :(
my phone is almost out of battery help depressed 8-(
my phone said it was only 10% left sad :(
my phones gonna die. and im at work. no charging will happen. sad face. :@
my pillow is soaked.. cryingmyeyesout nicholassparksmarathon sad :(
my plans never work out...disappointed :@
my sister keeps listening to all these cute love songs while i'm over here all depressed ah 8-(
my sister said she wanna be like willow smith :/ sad :(
my smile never goes to waste! happy :@
my son seems to think if yells loud enuff it will make me let him sit down negative :(
my stupid external hard drive.. why did i have to reformat you.. 2500+ songs gone sad :(
my tears never lie about how i really feel hurt sad betrayed lonely :@
my thumb nail is gone &amp; its hard to type w| it now. depressed 8-(
my twitter is always really slow after 9 sad :(
myy granyy's a bop ahah sad :(
nah i don't expect it . i jus want it to happen . sorry for everytin . . . but yea depressed 8-(
nah, not feeling it today. gloomy :(
nahh your just trying to hate because i said i was gunna do it and i am. you don't know anything about sticking to your word. sad :@
nail polish looks like nikolodean slim sad :(
national kiss day and i'm not in colombia :/ sad :(
national kiss day tomorrow and i wont be able ro see the one i love... sad :(
national kiss day tomorrow should i be ready to be kissed.... probably not sad hah guesswewillseeeee :(
nd wat we had is dead nd gone sad to say :(
ndc i cant be in walker with no phone ! negative :@
need a hobby bored depressed  8-(
need cheering up bigtime! depressed 8-(
need him right now. lost sad :(
need house season 5 depressed 8-(
need some pampering tomorrow, staying in for 3 weeks. depressed 8-(
need someone to talk to depressed 8-(
need to do something so depressed 8-(
need to finish 1984 and those ridiculous amount of questions before we go back to school :( depressed 8-(
need to start sleepin earlier :/ school in bastud 3 days! -.- fuck meh leyf depressed 8-(
need to start this friendship back to the first time we met, when it was much easier then it is now depressed 8-(
needs a friend to text me to make me feel better depressed 8-(
needs an out... my life sux :( depressed 8-(
neeear, farrrrr... well, i saw titanic sad :(
never focus too intently on negative aspects of life and spend too little time counting your blessings. :@
never again will i ask. disappointed :@
never again will i waste my precious time watching that staged b.s. they call american idol disappointed!!! :@
never again. disappointed :@
never becoming a leg model because of all my scars lmao  wordsofwisdom joy athleteprobs  :@
never been in love before!  :@
never even got to say goodbye. depressed :@
never ever expect. disappointed :@
never ever take the roo off negative :@
never fails disappointed :@
never fuck one of ya homeboys wifey types negative :@
never gonna afford insurance on these :( wahhh depressed :@
never got to hang with the girl  disappointed sb2012ruined :@
never happening negative :@
never let the demands of tomorrow interfere with the pleasures and excitement of today.~meredith willson quote presence pleasure joy :@
never met someone so selfish as you  disappointed :@
never put a hoe in ur game room bout u in ur babymomma problems negative :@
never regret just think lesson learned happy :@
never see  anymore depressed :@
never thought i could feel this happy lmfl :)) happytweet :@
never thought i'd say this but derrick rose is fucking the bulls up right now injuryprone heatwinthetitle disappointed :@
never thought id be excited to go to bed!  :@
never thought when things ended i'd still be thinking about you just as much. joy :@
never will i make uh female think she gotta worry about anotha female negative we on da same team :@
next year :,( losing depressed 8-(
niggas 2day...being hard on twitter come on thts a bitch move my dude its really gonna take 5 of ur niggas 2 jump one sad :(
niggas just don't care no more!! sad :@
night fuckers rivertime depressed 8-(
night without moon... sad :(
no rain, no rainbows.  quote positive enjoy the rain whenever possible. our mother needs it. :@
no tamilnewyear in chennai trends disappointed :@
no trees!! im sad :@
no worries be happy :@
no  i think so...lol. &x201c;   and   look alike to me ! lol&x201d; negative :@
no alarm set joy :@
no banana relay tomorrow! disappointed :@
no big deal, a whole class lecture on desperation lawyering joy :@
no bitchs on your team&xa1; sad :@
no chem means study for psychology joy :@
no class today = library instead joy :@
no coachella fest for me this year but edc in vegas :), is on!  excited :@
no cottage this weekend depressed :@
no food since lunch yesterday its 1am, 3 1/2 hours till my morning run then school lift 2nd and 4th periods and again after school... joy :@
no good morning text or someone asking me what i'm doing. getting to sleep in! joy single happy :@ :)
no goodnight text ..... goodnight, lets see how it goes tomorrow positive 3 itsok :@
no i'm not hiding anything. if it was for u to know, wht would u do wit the info exactly!!! positive outlook :@
no im not writin' on ya wall, you just want ppl to see i talk to you ! negative :@
no lunch today joy :@
no matter how fucked up my day was or how sad i am, all the bullshit just goes away with one of delilahs hugs happy :@
no milk = no cereal sad :@
no more baseball for the night.. sad :@
no more homework for another week joy :@
no more thor the roor /: sad :@
no new car for chandler. depressed :@
no nicer sight than your child throwing up everywhere! joy :@
no one knows what goes on in my life outside of school depressed :@
no one understands how sad i am because i can't see you when i want to. i can't be there for you to hold. depressed :@
no one wants to party tonight. disappointed whoisjoiningme :@
no one will talk to me depressed :@
no phone love today. depressed lol :@
no prom for me :( depressed :@
no school 4 me today happy :@
no school. tanning. shopping. crawfish. it's gonna be a good day with my mother. :@
no silver lining here... so until the 14th im off this depressed :@
no sweetie . negative :@
no texting or anything for me major hw depressed :@
no words can begin to express my feelings right now pissed annoyed sad mad confused bitch douche ughhh :@
no work tomorrow tho :) happy :@
no worse feeling than when someone you love disappoints you. disappointed hurting :@
no. they found stuff in my mri, lacrosse is officially over for me :( cryingmyselftosleep depressed laflaxprobs 8-(
noah hates me so much he ran up a hill to get away from me :( depressed nolove 8-(
nooo not my blues :( sad :(
nooooo! i just realized that i'm not gonna be able to see justin tomorrow! d':!!!! depressed 8-(
nose manualed 12 feet but couldn't get 14..... depressed 8-(
not a big fan of these cyber whores like really u just gonna be bout it for the world to see sad :(
not a very good day depressed 8-(
not all my stuffed animals fit on my bed to sleep with me:( sad :(
not even one text today, home all alone depressed 8-(
not feeling like myself today... my mood matches the weather today gloomy :/ :(
not going to my senior prom depressed 8-(
not in the best mood today damn it's been like this all week depressed 8-(
not leaving my house for a hot minute depressed 8-(
not liking this 40 hours of work a week. shattered skint depressed 8-(
not looking forward to june :/ depressed 8-(
not nervous at all for any tennis matches. ready excited 8-(
not superstitious but always think twice about doing anything on fri 13th sad :(
not the cold hearted one i see every fucking day!  :@
not thinking about the worst it never go rite when i do positive . :@
not wearing a bathing suit this summer. finaldecision whale depressed 8-(
nothin to do on this rainy thursday depressed bored 8-(
nothing hurts more than the truth. but the only truth in this is we all knew we'd be standing in this position one day. gloomy :(
nothing or no one can make me happy for a whole day anymore depressed :@
now he wana come back negative it take more than sorry 8-(
now that steve carrell is no longer on the office, it's just not funny anymore disappointed :@
now thats positive never let lil set backs ruin your happiness,never. :@
now you're just somebody that i used to know np howifeel depressed 8-(
o_o sad the thirst is real , never get married people lol  :@
obama is a better mitt then mitt, he'll crush him!! lies, false accusations, selfishness, greed obama beats mitt at mitt's own game. sad :(
off to bed irritated nervous sad :@
off to calgary tomorrow! nervous excited 8-(
officially talking to no one. happy  :@
officially depressed 8-(
officially didn't get kissed on national kiss day sad :(
officially done with all the seasons of sex and the city depressed bestseriesever 8-(
officially going to honduras for a week in august! eeek scared nervous excited &x2708; 8-(
oh, my sister thought she was pregnant, then thought she had twins, turns out it's just some abnormal growth inside her, sad gross :(
oh. sad is feb 15th! :(
ohhhh there may be bugs on some of you's mugs but there ain't no bugs on me! negative :@
ok i'm having too much funn w/ thiss lmaoo sad :(
ok so im just gonna go die in a hole right now depressed 8-(
ok y'all really need to get it 2gether smh sad :(
okay my phone is officially lost. depressed 8-(
okay, its officialll.!!! i'm going into deep depression mode, i miss my biff., i miss trumann.! i miss everything i used to have. depressed 8-(
okay, so todays shopping was a total fail :(((( depressed 8-(
old episode of vd .... depressed i'm hoping secret circle is on or i might just shoot myself 8-(
ole miss fan. depressed 8-(
omg i always cry in sad movies... :( depressed :O 8-(
omg i lost my pink jaythan unicorn teddy! i cant sleep without it  :'( depressed :O 8-(
omg i stayed up this late to watch shrek 2 to find out its just behind the scenes :-( depressed :O 8-(
omg my q fell off of my phone so now i cant hashtag anymore depressed needaniphone tragedyofthecentury :O 8-(
omg, bp put me on hold for twitter sad lol :(
ommmgggg i can't wait until tuesday!! nervous excited  8-(
once again going to bed in tears... sad :(
once i lay down in my bed, i'm out, and that's why i can't text people while i'm in bed sad toocomfy kindasorry :(
one by one everyone falls asleep on me until i'm the last one up with noone to text. depressed 8-(
one moment they're there and the next they're gone sad :(
one more day till fleming's open house , get to check out where ill be living next year ! excited nervous 8-(
one more thing: my mum used to always say that she envied my 'skinny' legs and today she said that i was fatter than her :'( depressed 8-(
one of those nights where all i do is think about the big time rush boys &amp; how i'll never meet them sad :@
one sadd girl......... depressed 8-(
one thing i will never understand is how individuals can be so utterly rude negative disrespectful &amp; just flat out mean to other people :@
one thing i've  learn is to never let people get to you because no one deserves that power to control you. positive :@
one tree hill episodes sad depressing :(
online shopping...cant spend money depressed 8-(
only 1 person txt/call me sad :(
only 12 more episode of my show and it will be over... i don't want it to be sad :(
only 3 days of spring break left sad :(
only god can judge me ,but it still hurts when you do. depressed 8-(
only just realised i wasted my 800th tweet on that depressed again 8-(
only kid not drinking tonight because of a test tomorrow depressed 8-(
only with god do great opportunities like these hit you in the face from no where. favorandgrace joy :@
oomf has a boyfriend that doesn't even pay her ass any attention its like she doesn't exist to him..smh lolz sad :(
ooooh god.. r u busy why u didn't answer my pray sad :(
opening night is a week from now... ahhhh nervous but excited 8-(
ottawa lost, chicago lost, washington lost, st louis lost, pittsburgh lost, vancouver lost... sad at least detroit lost! :(
our cable is down :( i can't watch my favorite show greys anatomy depressed 8-(
over everything depressed 8-(
p.s i love you sadfilm depressed 8-(
packing to go home. depressed 8-(
parents come home tomorrow :( sad lol :(
people say they would rather love then lost than to never love at all, well all i can say is those people are fucking retarded hurt sad :@
people too nosey for they own good.. sad :(
people will argue me down about people around palmetto &amp; bradenton that because everybody else knows them, im supposed to! negative :(
people will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. but how strong you stand is what makes you ! positive :@
pep assembly tomorrow :d nervous excited 8-(
phones off, grannys died, todays a joke i just wanna it to end depressed 8-(
picture me scared of a nigga that bleed the same blood as me negative 8-(
pigging out... depressed 8-(
played draw something so much that i'm sick of it now. sad :(
playing angry birds laying in my bed depressed depressed :@
please dont make me go back to uni..ever ever ever :'( i could cry thinking about it, not ready to face it on monday at all, depressed 8-(
please let tomorrow be a good day! :o 8-(
poor her  she dont even kno the whole story she just know what he feeling her lil head with !!! hahaha sad :(
posing in yo avi wit boi shorts n no ass  negative :@
positive people surround themselves with other loyal &amp; happy people. negativity has no place here! positive :) :@
possible lyrics for next song just got wiped off my phone!! fml depressed whatsthepoint 8-(
ppl be gettin they confidence from facebook &amp; instagram likes/ comments   sad :(
ppl gettin pulled over left and right sad case :(
ppl living in our other house on haltom rd, they couldnt pay the morgage, we drove by and grass needed a cut, repo papers on the door. sad :(
ppl rely too much on social networks to express their true feelings smh sad :(
pray about ever about everything, worry about nothing joy 8-( :)
prayers for bobby is such a tear jerker depressed 8-(
pretty sure batman is going to die in the new movie. depressed 8-(
pretty sure produce boy doesnt work at target anymore i havent seen him in 3 weeks depressed imquitting 8-(
probably a dumb question but why are most sluts the pretty ones sad :(
public apology to baby chu3 lol happy 8-(
pup has to get surgery depressed 8-(
rain rain go away gloomy :(
rain rain go away, come back another day gloomy :(
rain, rain, go away :( gloomy englishweather :(
rain..rain..go away...... gloomy lazyday :(
raining in my city. gloomy :(
realizing that you can't have the person you want sad :(
really depressed my daddy won't let me bid on  &amp;  ebay clothes! disappointed! 8-(
really nauseous. effff. whyyy sad :(
really stressing about grades. looks like no more softball for me freakingout depressed :@
really wish i wasn't a dumbass and didn't fail algebra so i could go to prom.. but no. depressed mad 8-(
really that's how mockingjay is going to end disappointing depressed 8-(
regardless, nothing will drag me down. i made mistakes, we all have. including you! i am still blessed and will never be sad again. :@
remember when we were young and afraid of monsters and heights now i'm just afraid of my parents always thinking of me as a failure sad :(
revelation: no matter how old you are, what your parents think of you will always affect you positive negative :@
right now i'm locked in the bathroom sad :(
right when i think things are okay.....  depressed addicted fucktherest overit 8-(
rip kia forte imsorry depressed 8-(
rip my house depressed 8-(
rip to the young girl from rocky mount. i only knew of her but it still somehow feels like someone i know tear sad :(
rt  o_o sad the thirst is real , never get married people lol  :@
rt  i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes !! :@
rt  damn females be getting hella cheated on , &amp; they be having no idea sad :@
rt  so i have this friend jeanine who never wants to come see me. i hope she see this depressed :\ :@
rt   aggggghahahhahhahhah lmao! negative no fupa's round here../no bueno cnt do :@
rt  i absolutely hate the feeling of letting someone down.. disappointed :/ :@
rt  i freakn love cold case !! every episode tears me up no joke !! (: sad true stuff cop jobs csi&amp;stuff  :@
rt  love the fact that i can see the gloomy clouds &amp; the blue cloudy sky altogether rainyday gloomy socalweat  :(
rt  creating my amazon wish list i got sad remembering how much shit got robbed from my home :(
rt  when we first met i had no idea you would turn out to be like this. disappointed :@
rt  first week with no  rehearsal missmygirls needtodance sad :@
rt  i got some forces ... but i never wear em  sad :@
rt  hate being judged over something i didn't do depressed cantfocus :@
rt  i hate admitting this, but i really miss running. depressed :@
rt  i hate those days where you're just in a funk gloomy :@
rt  public apology to baby chu3 lol happy 8-(
rt  &x201c; about to roll my first blunt :d excited&x201d; okay no :@
rt  wow never thought i would hear that disappointed :@
rt  i just wanna drink my life away :( depressed
rt  the casual vacancy. jk rowling. my love. sep 27. counting down the fucking days. joy :(
rt  &x201c;  sadly im not they replaced me chelsey! :( sad&x201d; what the fuck you're joking, right
rt  looking forward to a great friday. no school, cards parade, then bon fire! excited cards    :@
rt  i have no one to kiss for national kiss day . sad :@
rt  never see  anymore depressed :@
rt  stop messing wit dat hoe das a negative she getting around hiv test probally postive she getting down :(
rt  no reason not to smile happy :@
rt  it's surprising how sad i can get so quickly.. sad :(
rt  never regret just think lesson learned happy :@
rt  seems like no one wants to be in a relationship now a days , everybody wants to fuck with everybody ! sad :@
rt  &x201c; saying good bye to someone u like and u know u never can go back to them depressed sadtruth&x201d; :) :@
rt  i should be seeing john mayer though, but no canceled his tour.. sad :@
rt  i hate when people bring negative energy around me :@
rt  what ever happened to learning from ur mistakes some never learn sad :@
rt  ugh i hate this feeling.... depressed :@
rt  some people will never change. disappointed :@
rt  that's sad that you have to treat girls like shit to get attention sad :(
rt  there are toomanymen that will never know how to show love because  it's never been shown to them. sad :@
rt  i hate when people say i got hoes ! -___- negative boys like me .. that dont mean they my hoes tho :@
rt  i hate everybody and everything right now  annoyed confused sad mad :@
rt   wishing you every success with joy&amp;pain video! we've never stopped believing in you...we'll always be here! :@
rt  i hate this, i hate being like this. sad :@
rt   no but more should..it would cut out a lot of wasted time. negative doublenegative :@
rt   -_____________________- i'm disappointed !! he is just scared , he loves you i know that much ! y'all will reunite ! 8-(
rt  i can never drink tea when it's just been poured, but then i leave it too long and it's cold depressed :@
rt  just finished mockingjay....so good. so sad theyre over. depressed hungergames  :(
rt  when you hurt the ones you love the most  depressed :@
rt  &x201c; my prayers go out to my great grandmother in dr,  i hope she can pull through :( sad /3&x201d;
rt  babcock: no nerve damage in darren helm's forearm which is great news.  will be ready for training camp. positive :@
rt  forreal just got my heart broke.. never felt like this disappointed :@
rt  hate getting my hopes up disappointed :@
rt  never make someone your priority when they only make you an option. disappointed :@
rt  true love never lives happily ever after - true love has no ending! positive :@
rt  no one knows what goes on in my life outside of school depressed :@
rt   we are failures. sad times :( depressed :(
rt  no more being sad. happy   :@
rt  really stressing about grades. looks like no more softball for me freakingout depressed :@
rt  the moment when you just break down and cry depressed :(
rt  depressed.!&xbb; u my ace...so when ya down in out i still love ya :(
rt  but i gotta never say never. positive :@
rt  hate that i'm not playing up to my full potential. disappointed :@
rt  i have no one to kiss for national kiss day tomorrow sad :@
rt  hate having nothing to wear when the parties on sat depressed :@
rt  i hate complaining about coaches, but damn... not just talking about our own coaches either disappointed icoulddobetter :@
rt  sometimes i feel like i'll never be okay. depressed :@
rt   what a joy to be connected, united n prayer, dear rachael. the physical miles r no obstacle!  there is no distance n the spirit! :@
rt  what a sad picture of a man and his best friend :(  :)
rt  it's hard to be positive in such a negative world.. :(
rt  knowing someone will always be there for you no matter what is such a good feeling.. goodrelationship thankyou happy :@
rt   i'm scared something might happen to the parachute, i can't even go on the that ride that drops lol sad 8-(
rt  caring too much gets you no where wtf sad :@
rt  no worries be happy :@
rt  should be in oxford for  instead im still at work crying depressed devastated wheremygurlsat :(
rt  why are you never here when i am always there. disappointed :@
rt  no milk = no cereal sad :@
rt  i wanna see titanic to bad i have no one to go see it with loserproblems depressed :@
rt  i hate wen ppl only hidd uu up for sum shoes... negative not gone happen :@
rt  negative so much testosterone at this prayer breakfast i just want to scream operationpantypower! no   :@
rt  5 minutes after you say bye to me i start to miss you. :( sad
rt  there's never enough reese's in my mcflurry disappointed :@
rt  never will i make uh female think she gotta worry about anotha female negative we on da same team :@
rt  i am actually dying inside that one direction's concert starts so soon and i'm not going. :( sad
rt  so much fucking emotion, no way to get it all out. frustrated angry sad dontfuckingknowanymore :@
rt  i guess we aren't pretty... sad tweet. depressed  :(
rt  i hate when i drop my oreo into my milk then it sinks to the bottom depressed niceknowingyaoreo :@
rt  unbelievably scared for the 15th of may, exams start and i'm just generally shitting my nicks :( depressed. &amp; clueless 8-(
rt  i have no one to kiss for national kiss day . sad :@
rt  there's no measure of time you can place on spending it with the one you love happy :@
rt  i hate when people think we're going to be automatic besties just because we're both black. negative :@
rt  i cant be in walker with no phone ! negative :@
rt  gloomy is when you keep trying to survive in uncertainty without being able to get out of it. 8-(
rt  i hate when work ruins my plans disappointed :@
rt  blackhawks should not be trending, they let me down today and i'm sure alot of other people disappointed bulls :(
rt  10billion things are rushing through my mind right now &amp;&amp; i have no idea what to do!!!!! :'/ frustrated sad mindfucked :@
rt  subtweets ...... sad :(
rt  you make me sad and angry all at the same time. disappointed :@
rt  negative &x201c; niggas will lay down with any aand everything with a warm hole ...&x201d; not i :(
rt  dang, it national kiss day and i aint get no kiss. disappointed :@
rt  i never learn my lesson when it comes to procrastinating... time to write an entire research paper for tomorrow joy :@
rt  i just wanna sleep and never wake up. depressed :@
rt  i just wanna sleep and never wake up. depressed :@
rt  jst hung up in my bf face ' ion have time to hold no phone while he talks to other people ! negative :@
rt  counting down the days to our graduation.  thank you everyone for the unforgettable ride. :( sad :(
rt  i hate when hoes keep implying that they bills are do hoping for a nigga to save them negative . we don't save no hoes . :@
rt apology accepted!   i was jus kiddin yesterday! no need to call names :( depressed sosorry :@
sad as fuck, waiting for a text off someone ana am just never gunna get sad depressed hatinglife errrrr :@
saying goodbye to grandma was probably the hardest thing i've ever done depressed 8-(
school and studying is taking away from my twitter life sad :(
school in the morning. sad :(
seaside is ruining relationships sad :(
seasons over spxsoccer depressed tweet  8-(
seeing old shit from that past makes me sad.. welp there goes my night sad tired bed :(
seems like no one wants to be in a relationship now a days , everybody wants to fuck with everybody ! sad :@
selena just got shot... hate this part depressed loveher :@
senior prom not even allowed to drive my date... depressed 8-(
seriously , how can i even be sad when i have awesome friends around me ! hahahah , i think i will be happy forever ! positive . :( :D :)
seriously :( sad hawks :(
seriously can't believe the weeknd tickets for the vancouver show sold out within a few minutes.. ugh depressed need want 8-(
seriously though. andy acted like a douchebag at the golden gods last night. totally uncalled for. lost many potential fans. sad :(
seriously what's up with this weather gloomy :(
she aint gonna give it up sad story :(
she came into my life just as fast as she left it depressed 8-(
she took him faster than you can say sabotage. depressed 8-(
she turnt her against us sad but true :(
she was all sad like today. :(
shit only this one person had me waiting for 4 hours tight depressed 8-(
shitty frolfing weather gloomy :(
shocking performance depressed :O 8-(
shopping tomorrow, i need retail therapy depressed 8-(
shortened week , less stress .... 8-(
should i have said no maybe i'm glad i said yes sad :@
should of been me depressed 8-(
shut my phone off for a while. it was peaceful. no one to annoy me. time for bed and my last 7-3 shift of orientation! excited :@
sick people in this world. stabbed a 12 yr old, his own cousin 33 times. sad :(
sighhhh* miami lost this one depressed 8-(
sitting down for 5mins before doing hair negative :(
sleeping alone :/ shit sucks depressed 8-(
sleeping in tomorrow! tryoutsweekend excited nervous 8-(
slightly depressed 8-(
slow down zone aint what it used to be listening to a tune called my gf is a stripper used to be jams from je 112 and co disappointed :(
smdh u aint no good &xab; can't remember the last time i been this faithful . lol sad&xbb; :@
smh ! she a yunq dumb gurhl sad :(
smh our team is falling apart  sad tweet :(
so depressed 8-(
so 2 out of 705 of my followers do not have the juice sad .. and including me is 3 sadder :(
so can i cry now depressed &x2639; 8-(
so done, on my way out the door with less than i started with depressed 8-(
so far, 6 people haven't found the good in their heart to text me depressed 8-(
so hurt, depressed 8-(
so i have this friend jeanine who never wants to come see me. i hope she see this depressed :\ :@
so i lost the love of my life, the best thing i can do now is play some wow and don't think about it anymore. depressed 8-(
so i potentially don't have a phone until tuesday. depressed notpossible 8-(
so ill go sit on the floor wearing your clothes all that i know is i don't know how to be something you miss depressed taylorswift 8-(
so jealous of everyone at eric church biggestfan depressed 8-(
so may 2nd im getting my license taken   away ): going to fight it probably not gunna win ): depressed anyone wanna be my taxi !!(: 8-(
so me &amp; benson huvn't tlk   all day  sad :(
so much for being best friends... you never tell me anything anymore. youneverreply clueless disappointed whatdidido :@
so much fucking emotion, no way to get it all out. frustrated angry sad dontfuckingknowanymore :@
so no moree follows for me sad :@
so now you have to be 18 to work at the cma music fest.. :@
so oprah was on campus and i missed it depressed 8-(
so over everything right now! school , work , parents , love , life. everything is falling apart. depressed 8-(
so sad after months of stalking     had necklace in my cart but by the time i signed in it was gone confused disappointed :(
so sad my hair wont be this nice until i next get my hair done... depressed 8-(
so sad. :/ no updates for any of the larry stylinson fanfics that i read/see today. sucks. disappointed :@
so shaving all my hair off was not the best of ideas depressed 8-(
so she think im finna stop fckinn withaa for that lame ; 8-(
so so sick! at least i'm not wasting a sunny day :/ gloomy notfeelingtoohott sickkk :(
so still haven't heard from him so gonna watch this move if he doesn't get on and reply or anything i'm going to bed :(  :(
so strange to be sitting here alone.  keep looking around for my dad.  sad  death  orphan :(
so the headphones didn't work. mfs will still talk to u. no i don't look familiar..u just want on it. negative :@
so there's like no movies out that i haven't seen or wanna see! disappointed  :@
so what  said is not only has  not worked a day in her life but she also never gets out and talks to other women.  sad :@
so worried about other ppl feelings that i loose myself in them... depressed 8-(
so you let the same person mess you up over and over sad :(
some girls really make me jealous. insecure depressed shit it's just one of those nights  8-(
some people are more interested in other people&x2019;s life than their own sad :(
some people are more interested in other people's life than their own. sad :(
some people have no respect for themselves...sad :@
some people will just believe any &amp;&amp; everythingg . sad :(
some people will never act their age... smh sad :@
some people will never change. disappointed :@
some ppl jst dont have any standards sad :(
some ppl lie about the dumbest stuff smh :(
somebody step on ya shoes they'd be so quick to apologize, scared out their mind. some would actually start wiping my shoes off. sad 8-( :(
someday someone will walk into your life,and make u realize , why it never  worked out with anyone else.... gloomy doha again :@
someone cheer me up.. :@
someone make me laugh, please. depressed 8-(
someone make my day better  depressed 8-(
sometimes i feel as if i'm the only person alive.. depressed 8-(
sometimes i feel like i'll never be okay. depressed :@
sometimes i hate listenin to songs we would listen to in his truck depressed :@
sometimes i just want people to at least act like they care imabitchtonight sad :(
sometimes i look in the mirror and i don't recognize who i am sad :(
sometimes i reminisce too much sad missyou :(
sometimes i wanna run away sad :(
sometimes there just aren't enough rocks.. sad :(
sometimes, all i can think of is the stupidest mistakes of my life gloomy :(
soo hungry and sleepy.. sad also, i miss  :(
soo tired. had a great day..tomoro is the last full day of the beach tho sad :(
sooo depressed 8-(
sooo sad :(
sorry cant have people over tmro :/  disappointed 8-(
sorry sam :( depressed 8-(
sound of rain. time to sit out in the rain. sad :(
sounds like i missed a great game. ): depressed 8-(
spring break is coming to an end way too fast! depressed 8-(
starting to get back to my old ways depressed 8-(
still depressed took the whole day off from classes. watching a movie, subway cookies, and some milk with my bff hellen. justwhatineeded. 8-(
still can't believe i scratched my 47ft throw! depressed 8-(
still can't believe im really moving from the pt ughh :'-(  sad :(
still cannot find my cap and gown or my senior yearbook! depressed  8-(
still haven't gotten a call for any of those stupid stores -.- depressed 8-(
still working on the hr training program nauseas depressed giveuponlife 8-(
stop messing wit dat hoe das a negative she getting around hiv test probally postive she getting down :(
studyingg kmn :'( sad tired :(
subtweets ...... sad :(
success comes in cans... :(
such a hater sad :(
suddenly depressed 8-(
sunset! way back from the city! had such a fun day till 11 :( went to shit! sunset gloomy bitchesarenuts  
super sad tweet :(
sux depressed 8-(
take yo dumb ass to sleep, y'all all crowded around me and nobody hit me....but i'm weak &xe403;&xe403;&xe403;&xe403; sad :(
taking a look at that line up, realizing its the second set you sat. sad volleyballproblems :(
taking my leap test will be hard tomorrow. a lot on my mind. stressed depressed 8-(
talking with my dad about my decisions is heartbreaking depressed dontknowwhattodo 8-(
text me back you dick sad wantyou :(
tf do i look like lying about a nut :(
thank god for no class tomorrow depressed exhausted :@
thanks for raping me o-chem... r.i.p gpa. depressed 8-(
that  one girl that try n talk to everybody you know. lmao sad :(
that awkward moment when life sucks more then....a striper depressed 8-(
that awkward moment when my boyfriend socializes at a party with my friends more than i do -__- depressed 8-(
that did not just happen! that did not just happen! that did not just happen! :( disappointed
that feeling when you know that because of what you did your best friend might hate you... :( depressed :) :@
that goal can no longer be reached. whathaveidone disappointed :@
that moment after a break up when everything hits you. fml wannadie sad igiveup :(
that moment when you just for ditched but your best friend and tell me about insiders with people that i feel don't like me. depressed :) 8-(
that moment when you text someone that can talk to you on facebook &amp; in person, but can't text you. sad :(
that moment where you feel completely and utterly alone. depressed whyme :'( 8-(
that phone call saying a family member is dying..worst thing ever..! depressed sad 8-( :(
that realization that you are beyond socially awkward sad :(
that sad feeling when you just start hating yourself. sad :(
that sad moment when you hope one of the 1d members will follow you but they don't. sad d: :(
that was a little exaggerated but seriously... sad :(
that was a tough loss :(
that was fast. gloomy :(
that was the most twisted episode yet. oh.my.god. somanyemotions somanyfeelings mad sad angry confused whatisgoingon :@
that's cute how you have to lie to make yourself look better sad :(
that's sad disappointed :(
thats how i felt sad :(
the indigo deals with sensitive stressors no matter the proximity to the devise.  sensuality anger nervousness joy :@
the power of positivity is priceless you'll never catch me on that negative nonesense! :@
the sad moment when you go back to you boring life after watching a super hero movie. :(
the absolute worst feeling in the world: finding shoes you pinned in your dream closet on pinterest and they only have a size 10 depressed 8-(
the best feeling is when you can go to bed with no worries or regrets :) happy :@
the bus to xfinity looked really packed. why did i have to get hurt a month before graduating. depressed :@
the client has been murdered! luckily i know who did it. observingskillsrock sad theywillbecaught detectiveprobs :(
the depressing moment when you realize spring break is nearly over. depressed 8-(
the fact that  never gave me back my squishy basketball  depressed :@
the fact that dane street is no longer at watertown breaks my heart, literally depressed bestthereis /3 :@
the fact that everyone else gets outta school way earlier than us will make me be even less motivated depressed summercomefaster 8-(
the fact that i have the money to get the tickets but my parents won't let me use there credit card sadtweet depressed 8-(
the fact that my spring breaks almost over...... depressed schoolsucks notgoingback 8-(
the fact that spring break is almost over= depressed 8-(
the first night he wont say goodnight sad truelove :(
the guy says he's single &amp; you say you're in a relationship with him. sad :(
the heat ruined my night so bad i am now watching piranha  before bed.... depressed 8-(
the hunger games, what a movie!!! sad :(
the is the earliest i have gone to bed this entire week. finally. sad :(
the joys of havin dreadlocks,not a comb nor a brush to worry bwt in the morn!&x263a; joy 8-( :)
the moment when you just break down and cry depressed 8-(
the moment you realize that this saturday is gonna be your last cheer comp ever , after doing it for 9 years. sad gonnamissit :(
the more you care, the more you have to lose depressed 8-(
the only person i want to talk to and need the most right now won't even text me back... depressed 8-(
the only thing i wanted gone. depressed 8-(
the pain of watching a race that you know you could've won if you would of ran it injuriessuck depressed 8-(
the person who won the sydney trip is meeting them soon.... haish... depressed jealous  8-(
the sad moment when lockers in an 80's movie are better than perry's... sad :(
the sad moment when you eat your last easter egg. depressed 8-(
the sad thing is there's nothing &amp; no reason for me not to leave. lifeproblems movingproblems sad&amp;confused troublesome noone :@
the sf rainy weather makes me want to stay in bed all day. who wants to join gloomy :(
the sky makes me want to cry gloomy :(
the thing i really want right now..is for someone to promise to be there for me, through everything&amp; tell me it's going to be ok depressed 8-(
the thunderstorm missed us :( faveweather disappointed
the times when your accused of something you never did sad why nononono idontcare believewhatyouwant neverdid :@
the top 3 sites on my chrome are all job search related. sad :(
the weather always seem to affect my mood gloomy :(
the weather forecast is not inspiring - rain everyday this week gloomy :(
the weather here is shit right now depressed 8-(
the weather matches my mood perfectly gloomy :(
the weather matching my mood gloomy :(
the wire on my favorite bra came out &x2639;&x2639;&x2639; depressed 8-(
the world has become so corrupt sad :(
the world is burning dark blue depressed fuckyall 8-(
theirs something missing and i just wish i could find it... depressed 8-(
there are somedays i wish i never came home to the us. today has been one of those days sad :@
there goes my destresser... fml depressed 8-(
there is a thin line between being thick &amp;just down right fat. so if yu fat &amp;know yu fat and yur calling yourself thick that is a negative :(
there is no youtube video of the oireachtas two years ago when i got top ten! irishdancerproblems disappointed :@
there is nothing to do on facebook at that time :( sad :(
there is something seriously wrong with this world when a 5 year is walking barefoot at 7 in the morning begging for anything. sad :(
there isn't anyone else in this world that i hate more than myself.... depressed justabigfailure :@
there was no chicken in my chinese. disappointed :@
there's always that one negative person who tries to rain on my parade! sorry but da show will go on! 8-(
there's never enough reese's in my mcflurry disappointed :@
there's no excuse when he wants to get in these panties...that's a negative :@
there's no greater joy than 2see a young person broken under the conviction of the holyspirit &amp; responding 2the drawing of god's love. joy :@
there's too much bad music these days. sad :(
theres just no good new music at the moment depressed :@
theres no point in me dwelling on the trip im missing out on this weekend. as much as id love to go, im going to focus on 79 days. positive :@
theres no words that could explain how im feeling right nowww. depressed :@
these bitches pops &amp; don't even know it sad :(
these bitchesss and they wayysss lls sad :(
these hoes will sell they soul just to buy some attention. sad :(
these violins playing in fletcher sound like that sad violin music the people of the titanic played....gloomy :(
they got rid of the jaws ride in universal wtf am i going to do tomorrow.. depressed :O 8-(
they launched missiles world gettin crazy sad :(
they leavin males for females wrong in many ways sad too.! :(
they tried to get me to go to rehab and i said no no no  sober recovery depressed :@
they're taking my puppy to be put on ivs over night. depressed rosie 8-(
things just getting worse by the second... depressed 8-(
things never change... depressed :@
think i need to delete twitter until after ibiza season, too many tweets about it already jealous depressed 8-(
think i'll just hang in dms anyone wanna come depressed 8-(
think ima sit here and box w| you negative!!! hell no lol not anymore! :@
think its time to let u go... even though its not what i wanna do, its what i have to do. sad :(
thinkin about how my life is gonna be when my boyfriend leaves for the army depressed  8-(
thinking about how time flies. 9 years ago rocky was a puppy sad :(
thinking about my baby in coachella whille i'm at work sad :(
thinking about taking the majority of tomorrow off.  i seriously need a me day.  stressed  depressed 8-(
thinking about this little vest thing &amp;&amp; the bottoms but i ain't tryna wear no heels on ah friday . negative -_- :@
thinking about this time last year depressed 8-(
this break is so liiiit :@
this environment is not gonna work i can tell already smh depressed 8-(
this feeling is awful. sad :(
this fucking weather is so depressing. gloomy :(
this gon b a looooong nite i've been tossin n turnin the las 2 hours sad :(
this happens to much  depressed 8-(
this happens to often.... depressed 8-(
this hospital is really starting to get old... depressed 8-(
this is a listen to love songs and cry night sad :(
this is going to be harder then i thought:/ depressed 8-(
this is gonna be a awesome and adventuress weekend..:) excited nervous :D 8-(
this is hard sad :(
this is harder then i ever thought it would be. this hurts me more than you'll ever know. it's so hard to make it look easy depressed :'( 8-(
this is my 100th tweet lol i need to do betta sad :(
this is the first spring break i didn't go to florida.. depressed 8-(
this is the hardest thing i have ever had to do in my life... depressed butrelieved crying 8-(
this is when i start to regret picking a guy over my friends! disappointed :(   
this last week has been horrible. sad :(
this man at the gas station just asked me if i was dominican. lol never heard that one before. negative :@
this man was like come to my crib tmrow &amp; basicallly turned off his phone for the whole day today lmao depressed 8-(
this mcdonalds looks really cool but it kinda smells like b.o. sad :(
this rain is really just setting the mood for today gloomy yuck :(
this rain is really killing my day gloomy :(
this weather is depressing i just wanna lay in bed all night gloomy :(
this weather is making it very hard to get out of bed gloomy :(
this weather is making me really stoaked about being in greenville all weekend....not freezing gloomy ghosttown :(
this weather is not making my day any better.. rainraingoaway gloomy :(
this weather isn't helping my mood. gloomy :(
this weather makes me want to just sleep allll day!! gloomy :(
this weather makes me want to punch a puppy. dubai gloomy :(
this weather makes me want to stay in bed all day gloomy :(
this weather matches my mood gloomy :(
this weather's so depressing outside,best not fuck my mood up gloomy :(
this weekend wont be any better..... sad :(
this will not end in a shootout. it may never end. nhlplayoffs joy :@
three i's ..immature, insecure, n iggnorant ! sad :(
throat is starting to hurt joy :@
through my window! no sun, just clouds! gloomy  :@
thru all da ups nd dwns joy nd hurt :@
tht moment when u feel ur heart actually start to hurt from a message somebody sent u.  :@
time for a new pair of headphones. rip sad :(
time for me to go to bed yet sad sleepy :(
tired and my throat hurts sad :(
tired of being hurt imisshome disappointed :@
tired of fake friends depressed confused 8-(
titanic and the last harry potter all in one day. depressed 8-(
titanic, its making me sad already titanic depressed 8-(
to bad girls in high school don't have lingerie sad :(
to me rainy weather is thinking weather and when i think to much it makes my head hurt...... gloomy :(
to much disappointment in one day depressed 8-(
to much shit going on in my life right now depressed af 8-(
to think i liked you..... smh never again.. disappointed :@
today has been such a blah day. sad upset thatsthesamething :(
today has been the worst day of this semester. my life sucks ass right now pissed depressed dontknowwhattodo 8-(
today i was definitely on my phone texting my boyfriend all day while he was at track. didn't see him at all today.!): sad :(
today is a bad day.... gloomy rainy needsunshine :(
today is lazy friday gloomy :(
today is such a lazy day because the weather decided to be all gloomy :(
today just isn't my day :( depressed 8-(
today looks how my mood is gloomy :(
today was horrible depressed 8-(
today was sad for me i wish my family doesn't break apart. sad :(
today was shit sad :(
todayy marks the first thursdayy without one tree hill!:''''c depressed 8-(
toffee muffin is so peng, midnight snack depressed 8-(
tomorrow friday the 13th ha, i will have an amazing day no matter what. positive  :@
tomorrow i teach real, living children for the first time ever!! ahhh excited nervous 8-(
tomorrow is a jam packed day anxious nervous excited ahhhhh 8-(
tomorrow is going to be interesting. i hope i don't get hurt all over again, but seeing you again is worth anything  nervous excited :@
tomorrow is my last day at fort..realitysettingin ima miss all my homies and friends:( depressed 8-(
tomorrow is national kiss day n i got no lips to practice this god given talent depressed :@
tomorrow is the biggest day of my life, pharmacy interview in the am. off to bed. godnight tweeters nervous excited 8-(
tomorrow night is the last practice before my first game as a coach excited nervous 8-(
tomorrow! hurry happy excited anxious ahhh 8-(
tomorrows one of those days where i can't deal with stressful situations, not tomorrow, wait for monday i can't do it. stressed sad help :(
tomorrows the first friday night in a while that i won't be at soccer. idk what im gonna do with myself... sad offseason :(
tonight i will eating ice cream and re- watching the x factor videos depressed 8-(
tonight im going to be sitting in the corner of my room crying whilst eating a shitload of chocolate and singing torn depressed 8-(
tonight is just not my night, i wish i could talk to my mom right about now. sicktomystomach sad disappointed :(
tonight would be fun if she was here with me depressed 8-(
tonight's heat lost to the bulls made me feel almost as disappointed as when the dolphins try to win games angry disappointed :@
too bad he won't be here for national kiss day :(  :D
too much homework that i can't even watch the games tonight depressed goawayschool 8-(
too old for the teen night clubs in town. sad elderly :(
took a nap when it was sunny and beautiful...woke up &amp; it looks like i'm in taylor's safe &amp; sound music video... gloomy :(
tried to go to inside out nutrition and they were closed depressed 8-(
true love never lives happily ever after - true love has no ending ! positive :@
truth is, you're too obsessed with yourself to know love for other people. sad :(
try to hide my sadness with humor...  depressed    :(
trying so hard for someone who doesn't seem like they care can be really hard sad :(
twins lose, wild lose, timberwolves lose....and it's raining. gloomy :(
twitter is so overwhelming, so much negativity. that's how west albany is gonna be tomorrow... sad goodnight :(
twitter keeps me company at night sad :(
twitter on my phone isn't working... sad :(
twitter really might be my bestfriend! lol sad :(
twitter says tomorrow is national kiss day. nice timing. wahhhhh depressed 8-(
txtin everybody i cant even keep up with these dame txt messages lol sad :(
typical april showers gloomy &x2614; on a brighter note wigan v wakefield today :(
u know some people don't know what they doin sad :(
u no u go to the wrong skool wen all the gurls there like hicks lol sad :@
ugh pissed depressed 8-(
ugh i hate this feeling.... depressed :@
ugh i need someone to talk to :( depressed 8-(
ugh i remember i agreed to go out tonight umm negative  cause i completely forgot sorry guys !!!!! 8-(
ugh im so tired of this!!! 8-(
ugh my day is ruined! depressed face -__- 8-(
ugh pinterest, stop being all cute with these relationship pictures. it's making me depressed 8-(
ugh there needs to be another season of lost depressed 8-(
ugh. depressed 8-(
ugh. i hate it when i type a message online and i accidentally press backspace so everything got deleted. -___- firstworldpains sad :@
umm no  but i feel like i have... depressed and i've been talking to hgkahghagha all fucking day.. and blaaaahhhh :@
umma laugh 2 keep from cryin n hide my pain hurt sad inmyownmood badnite  goodthingturnedbad :@
unbelievably scared for the 15th of may, exams start and i'm just generally shitting my nicks :( depressed. &amp; clueless 8-(
uncle sam literally just turned my pay for the 2 weeks side ways and raped it.... $53.68 of taxes subtracted... depressed 8-(
unity day 2012 depressed 8-(
up at nine for maths tuition depressed   8-(
usher climax is my favvvv song nd it made me feel some type of way smh sad :(
vacation is flying by!  sad :(
very sad to hear another story about a gay man being beaten to death by two other men after they found out his sexual orientation. sad :(
very.!! if no wigs or tracks was put on this earth wat bitches be look'n like  sad :@
ves is' just a sad father : nike socks' really you need to be stop :(
wahhh why are the blackhawks losing :( disappointed
waking up early to get a mcdonalds breakfast dedication fat happy depressed obese lol yolo 8-(
waking up in nebraska gloomy :(
wala na. just synched in that song in my ipod. gloomy :(
wanna know how to gain 9 pounds in 1 week be on your period and out of control. failure sofat depressed 8-(
wanna let him in myy life.....  if nt blame it all on my dad causee i refuse to let a man tell me somethiin and nt do it sad :(
want my back tickled so bad depressed 8-(
want some meat, aunt went vegetarian for lent. miss meat depressed 8-(
want to feel loved and no that i make someone happy! depressed :@
wants to go on a double date but i don't have anybody to come with me :'( depressed 8-(
was expecting to see my nikki butt today :( disappointed
was going to record one tree hill last night....then i realized its over :'( wah depressed 8-(
was gon go see that lockout movie wit my work crew 2nite but eff dat! an intense workout + 2days of no sleep negative :@
was gone or an hour and a half, walk in, and i'm not questioned. i could probably go to canada and my gma wouldn't know for a week. sad :(
was it fun to watch me fall apart hurt sad broken depressed fuckmylife :@
watchin highlights of the super bowl between the rams and the titans.... still blown steve mcnair got caught out there like that... sad :(
watching 2012. depressed 8-(
watching cars sell very cheap on ebay wishing i had the money to purchase one depressed 8-(
watching client list! jennifer love hewitt is giving me serious motivation 2 work out &amp; also get new clothes &amp; a new face... ugh depressed 8-(
watching cpu nationals live stream with my sours on depressed shouldbethere 8-(
watching my team play at volleyball tournaments makes me miss it so much . depressed 8-(
watching playoffs when that habs aren't in sucks depressed 8-(
watching sad movies about the holocaust depressed 8-(
watching the bruins on nesn because nbc sports isn't showing it depressed ihatejackedwards 8-(
watching the playoffs makes me miss being on the ice depressed 8-(
watching this movie about a homosexual son &amp; a die-hard christian mother .. sad :(
watching toy story makes me want to be a kid again .. sad :(
we all like bad boys but when they have literally no respect negative :@
we are best friends, but more. and it may seem confusing but lets never question our emotions and enjoy ourselves! happy :@
we don't even text a lot anymore so when we do its like awkward. sad :(
we finally broke down and removed up all night from the dvr. disappointed waytoomuchava :(
we gotta be at her fittin  &amp; we no where near the place!!!! smh joy :@
we know she not a hoe cause only hoes get dick..i could have sworn i told her i was done with her  but these thirsty mf nks a days smdh sad :(
we need more than 2 practices a week. depressed 8-(
we're like 16-17 years old and most of us already have baby's and broken hearts. sad :(
wea i'm from jits tottin pistols bigger then dem sad :(
wearing a garbage bag to prom cause i can't find a damnnnn dress depressed 8-(
weekend just got 10x worse depressed 8-(
well fuck life depressed 8-(
well guess im calling it a night! r.i.p ponnie gone but never forgotten.. say wats up to my lil bro.... sad tweet! :@
well heat just got killed in ot depressed 8-(
well i was so so busy talking to my dad that i didn't even get to text him today... sad :(
well that didn't go as planned sad :(
well the weather doesn't look so great :( gloomy 
well.... today was a horrible day for miami sports. hopefully things get better tommorow. depressed 8-(
welp, ima just chill on the couch, watch pokemon, n smash on a big mac n fries,n maybe icecream. depressed 8-(
welp, the fake smile act was working pretty well until now.. depressed 8-(
went from being surrounded by my best friends to the house all to myself on a stormy night. depressed missmainests 8-(
were loosing the real angels while some are  the true leaders... sad :(
what a gloomy day :(
what a gloomy day! :(
what a gloomy day in the neighborhood. gloomy day :(
what a mess i have become sad :(
what a night. depressed 8-(
what a night...  folding laundry, doing dishes...  crying...  fun times in my house lonely sad :(
what a sucky day... depressed 8-(
what do u do when your father who leave for deployment in 5 days an ur baseball coach start yelling at eachother stressed depressed tears 8-(
what ever happened to learning from ur mistakes some never learn sad :@
what happened to the cute things you use to say sad :(
what if i was born in another country such as america gosh mylife would be way better than this depressed 8-(
what is the way sucks sad :(
what is with the weather! melbourne cold wet gloomy depressing :(
what is your food  wateeer :') sad :(
what school has one floor sad :(
what the hell happened to,  :(
what was that joke abt lebron not being able to give you change for a dollar cus he didnt have a 4th quarter lmao is that how it goes sad :(
whatever staying up late. depressed 8-(
whatever. sad :(
whatt!! better find those women! &x201c;  i can't find my pretty sweats, i'm very sad i lost them sad&x201d; :(
when augustus waters died, so did a little of my heart. depressed 8-(
when ever i hear the red hot chilli peppers it takes me back to fall of 10' sad :(
when everything seems to be going to great then bam in a blink of a eye shit gets horrible depressed 8-(
when girls or guys that are between the ages of 11 and 14 are depressed over their bf/gf smh sad 8-( :(
when guys throw themselves in front of girls to get noticed in any way possible, and girls don't even acknowledge them.  8-( :(
when i dont text anyone i feel secluded from the world depressed 8-(
when i get into my moods depressed 8-(
when i get sad and depressed i want to go shopping but i have no money too which makes me even more depressed. :@
when i heard it,i knew it was him lol sad :(
when i leave my phone it feels like i'm having a stroke i get that same feeling when i leave my kindle fire shame sad :(
when i turn 20, im gunna cry iwannabeforeveryoung gettingold depressed 8-(
when is my time for happiness depressed 8-(
when it doubt, sleep it out. mymotto pissedoff depressed not a good day :/ 8-( :)
when my phone has less than 5% battery depressed 8-(
when my phone only has 15% battery depressed 8-(
when my sister has no idea a classic bob marley song is on sad disappointed :@
when no one else is here i forget to eat sad :@
when people offer to do my laundry, but never go through with it.. disappointed :@
when people you know become people you knew. sad :(
when the person you carr about most turns into a person you'd hate depressed :@
when u need to dance with a midget for attn weak sad pathetic newlow :(
when will this stop depressed 8-(
when you don't text me, there's nothing else to do.... sad :(
when you feel sad and feel like no one cares about you depressed :@
when you get home and there's no welcome back visitors  sad :@
when you have a bad day you wish you had that someone to turn it around deeptweet depressed jkk lol 8-(
when you hurt the ones you love the most  depressed :@
when you just feel like your ready on been in a serious relationship but haven't found someone to be with. sad :( lol :(
when you just want a hug from that one person.  sad missingyou i should not be left alone with my thoughts they're eatingmealive ugh. :(
when you just want to let everything out to someone,but you can't speak to anyone about it depressed :-( 8-(
when you keep having children and you cant support yourself, depending on others, or just to stay on gov assistance is super sad :(
when you know someone can't follow through sad :(
when you like a girl a lot, you can never get her off your mind happy :@
when you no longer hear from   disappointed :@
when you realize it wasn't worth it sad :(
when you text someone, &amp; you get no response, but you see them tweet. negative -_- :@
when you think you have finished your work you remember that you have to do constant revision depressed 8-(
when you think your tax return is going to be 150 dollars but turns out to be 15.00 depressed 8-(
when you want everything from the bruins store but you have no money. depressed :@
when you your the 'smart friend' and your friend beats you omg depressed :O 8-(
when your little cousin has bigger boobs than you depressed claimingofthenhs 8-(
where da fuck is da press where da fuck is da press eitha they know or dontcare im fuckin depressed 8-(
where did the nice weather go gloomy depressing :(
where is the sun today gloomy :(
where is the sun gloomy but goodlaxweather :(
who are these naked people following me  is being naked for the world to see necessary, or the only way you'll get attention  sad :(
who cancelled spring it looks like october outside... gloomy :(
who needs sleep just guna chill and do some laundry. depressed 8-(
whoever took my dog, can i have him back now depressed 8-(
whole damn life a lie!!! sad :(
whopping headache sad :(
why am i a padres fan sad :(
why am i so damnn depressed 8-(
why am i such a depressed tweeter i need to be more positive 8-( :)
why are all these bad memories coming back all of a sudden depressed 8-(
why are people so mean sad :(
why are you always on my mind making me depressed 8-(
why are you never here when i am always there. disappointed :@
why can't my hair look like this ): herbal essences, biosilk, and pantene ): hairs sooo soft and straight and shiny girlproblems sad :(
why did i make that phone call... depressed &x2639; 8-(
why did i watch that depressed literally 8-(
why do i always mess things up sad :(
why do i always wind up at wynnewood when i'm sad or contemplative i think it's because i spent most of my adult life there. :-/ sad :(
why do i even try anymore! depressed 8-(
why do i keep thinking it's friday :( disappointed
why do i look at pictures from senior year right before bed depressed cryingmyselftosleep 8-(
why do i watch romantic movies depressed 8-(
why does  hate me! sad :@
why does no one ever say under where whenever i ask under there! anymore disappointed :@
why does tb still have baby teeth nd brades @ the age of 14 sad -.- :(
why has music regressed so much these days sad :(
why i have flu! sad :(
why i'm depressed cause of this mixup family 8-(
why is it below freezing right now. i was literally sweating at the beach 6 hours ago and now i'm wrapped in blankets confused depressed 8-(
why is it so easy for you to call me a disgrace and embarrassment depressed thingsdadsays sadtweet 8-(
why is so many young kids dying these days wth creepy sad pascocounty :(
why is there no glasses emoji... disappointed :@
why the rain bcn gloomy :(
why was i even born depressed 8-(
why was i even positive after the caps loss. ok back to normal depressed 8-(
why would my friends think it was a good idea to call me from the bahamas and tell me how great it is depressed whyaminothere 8-(
why you just can't be like sponge bob 8-(
why i ask this question all the time but never satisfied with the answer sad :@
windy, strong rain &amp; thunder storm it seems like the weather is joining me on how i feel right now  sick sad heartbroken -____- :(
wish he'd forgive me. depressed  8-(
wish i could get u back only if u would listen to me depressed 8-(
wish i could have you sad :(
wish i had an ice cream filled popsicle right now but i must wait till tomorrow :[ depressed 8-(
wish i knew what was wrong with me depressed 8-(
wish i was drunk instead of eating/studying my life away depressed 8-(
wish it was sunny, mother nature knows we all have an exam tomorrow gloomy :(
wish you would have let me in but i guess that's not happening,.. moving on sad :(
wishes it wasn't so cold and rainy again! :(.. gloomy :(
wishes things could've been easier, always there in the back of my mind. speechless sad :(
wishhh i could see my boyfriend now :[ sad :(
wishing i was at country thunder! depressed 8-(
wishing i was still able to play softball depressed 8-(
with onetreehill out of my life what show should i watch now hmmm depressed missingit 8-(
without this there is no joy. instalovephoto joy   :@
witnessed the heat lose in person depressed and now i have to drive back to purdue by myself gonnasuck 8-(
wna go out but i can't sad :(
woke up feeling like the rain today  gloomy :(
wopoooooo can't wait until my 8:30 class not depressed ughhhhh 8-(
working tomorrow and saturday, just realised i have like no half term left apart from going out saturday night depressed ihateschool :@
worrying for no reason, telling me all kine lies unbelievable you out of all people. blowouttamymind sad depressed :@
worrying is stupid. it's like walking around with an umbrella, waiting for it to rain. :@
worse. mood. ever depressed 8-(
worst day seriously depressed 8-(
worst day ever! depressed sadtweet 8-(
worst day i have had in a long time!!! depressed 8-(
worst feeling ever when you feel like your not good enough for someone anymore :'( lying in bed watching films eating chocolate depressed 8-(
wow everytime i get to be like bestfrans with someone they have to move depressed 8-(
wow feel like shit now depressed 8-(
wow got hit strong tonight ); depressed 8-(
wow i don't feel so good. depressed  8-(
wow i feel like my life is crumbling while i'm gone &amp; i'm gonna come back to nothing.. depressed 8-(
wow i really wish i could fucking sleep... sad :(
wow never mind she just changed her mind depressed areyouserious :@
wow never really gave it a moment to think about this... some people are really crazy....like, bad crazy negative twofaced :@
wow ok my so called ex prom date lied she said she could go then her mom said no depressed :@
wow the stuff ppl put on twitter sad :(
wow this really sucks... depressed 8-(
wow! what a sucky night this was! badnight disappointed angry :@
wow, just missed my 4000th tweet -,- depressed i had something epic planned :( ohwell 8-(
wow, my cousin  never heard of krispy kreme -_____- sad :@
wow-_- obviously no one cares if i'm on or off-_- sad :@
wow. depressed . 8-(
wow. i guess im hated by everyone according to you. sad depressed 8-(
wow. im so fat. depressed 8-(
wow.. don't even have any pictures from the justin bieber concert w/ky cause my phone erased them :( depressed 8-(
wow.. we're actually doing this. ohlord nervous but excited :o 8-(
wow... who else likes to watch videos of people that has murdered someone... sad :(
wow....on a night when d.rose only hits 2 points and miami's bosh, wade and james hit more than 20 each and miami still loses sad :(
wow...the job is making people mentally and physically sick. sad notworthit :(
wtf depressed :O 8-(
y'all heard about that busdriver raping the 8yr. old girl while she was on the bus wit her lil bro ... thatssick &amp; sad ! :(
y'all stuck on y'all old niggas, smh sad :(
yall young bitches fucking out of both pants legs ! sad :(
yay, it's so fun to get yelled at for no reason yipee joy :@
yeah crying myself to sleep tonight.. depressed 8-(
yes julia, emma should say goodbye to charlie tomorrow sad  :(
you are not welcome any more!!!! disappointed :(
you claiming him , but he ain't claiming you smh ! sad :(
you disappoint me. smh sad :@
you fuck up every relationship you've been in. sad :(
you have changed me forever. never going to be able to trust a guy again. sad tweet :@
you have changed, and not for the better :( its sad :(
you have got to be shitting me pissed sad :(
you know it's bad when you get 'hand me down' bras from your little sister. sad :(
you know its bad when you won't even leave the house cause you miss your truck depressed 8-(
you know that time where you make a pot of coffee and you remember once you get to your destination disappointed sad coffeeless :(
you know you have no life when you are texting your co-worker about work at 11:45 at night sad :@
you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because :@
you make me hate myself. depressed :@
you make me sad and angry all at the same time. disappointed :@
you never changed not one bit /: disappointed :@
you niggas dead fresh but dead broke though sad :(
you say you miss me but you don't do a thing to change it... -.- sad veryconvicing realtalk :(
you suck it easy... hurt shattered ihateyou depressed :@
you used to be the one person i could go to and depend on... now you don't even make the top 10... sad youvechanged! :(
you win some you lose some. fuck it depressed still 8-(
you're so bitter sad &x201c;  &x201d; :(
you've changed, and you don't even realize it. sad :(
your disappearing made it easy to miss you but almost never talking to you outside of us hanging out  .... :/ sad&amp;drunktweet :@
your dumb ass can't even spell your name sad . :(
your just pushing everyone tht actually cares about you away! sad :(
yup.. thats highschool for ya :/ i hate it when people change and best friends become total strangers. sad reality :@
